Template: base-installer/use_unclean_target
Type: boolean
Default: true
Description: Proceed with installation to unclean target?
 The target file system contains files from a past installation. These files
 could cause problems with the installation process, and if you proceed,
 some of the existing files may be overwritten.
Description-am.UTF-8: ንፁህ ባልሆነው ላይ ተከላው ይቀጥል?
 የታለመው ይርፋይል ስርዓት ከቀድሞው ተከላ ፋይሎችን ይዟል። በአሁኑ ተከላ ከቀጠሉ እነዚህ ፋይሎች ችግር ሊፈጥሩና በተጨማሪም በሌላ ፋይል ሊተኩ ይችላሉ።
Description-ar.UTF-8: التّقدّم بالتثبيت على هدفٍ غير واضح؟
 نظام الملفّات المستهدف يحتوي ملفّاتٍ من تثبيتٍ سابق. هذه الملفّات قد تحبط عمليّة التثبيت، وإن استمريت فقد تتم الكتابة على الملفات الموجودة.
Description-ast.UTF-8: ¿Continuar cola instalación al destín non llimpiu?
 El sistema de ficheros destín contién ficheros d'una instalación anterior. Estos ficheros podríen producir problemes col procesu d'instalación, si continúa desaniciaránse dalgunos de los ficheros esistentes.
Description-be.UTF-8: Ці ўсталёўваць на непустую прастору?
 Мэтавая файлавая сістэма ўтрымлівае файлы мінулага ўсталявання. Яны могуць выклікаць праблемы падчас усталявання, а таксама некаторыя з іх могуць быць перазапісаныя.
Description-bg.UTF-8: Продължаване на инсталацията върху неизчистена файлова система?
 Целевата файлова система съдържа файлове от друга инсталация. Тези файлове могат да предизвикат проблеми в инсталационния процес и ако продължите, някои от съществуващите файлове може да бъдат заменени.
Description-bn.UTF-8: ফাইল সিস্টেম (target) unclean হওয়া সত্ত্বেও ইনস্টলেশন চালিয়ে যাব কি?
 গন্তব্য ফাইল সিস্টেমে পুরমো ইনস্টলেশনের ফাইল রয়েছে। এই ফাইলগুলো ইনস্টলেশন প্রক্রিয়ায় সমস্যা ঘটাতে পারে, এবং যদি আপনি এ অবস্থায়ই এগিয়ে যান, তবে বিদ্যমান কিছু ফাইলের ওপর দিয়েই লিখে ফেলতে পারে।
Description-bo.UTF-8: སྒྲིག་འཇུག་མུ་མཐུད་ནས་དམིགས་འཛུགས་གནས་གཙང་བཟོ་མི་བྱེད་པ་ཡིན་ནམ
 དམིགས་འཛུགས་ཀྱི་ཡིག་ཆའི་མ་ལག་ནང་དུ་སྔོན་དུ་སྒྲིག་འཇུག་བྱས་པའི་ཡིག་ཆ་གནས་ཡོད་པས་དེ་དག་གིས་སྒྲིག་འཇུག་གནོད་སྐྱེལ་སྲིད། གལ་སྲིད་མུ་མཐུད་ན་གནས་བཞིན་པའི་ཡིག་ཆ་བསུབ་བྲིས་བྱེད་རྒྱུ་ཡིན
Description-bs.UTF-8: Nastaviti instalaciju na nečistom sistemu?
 Odredišni datotečni sistem sadrži datoteke od prošle instalacije. Ove datoteke mogu uzrokovati probleme sa instalacionim procesom i ako nastavite, neke od postojećih datoteka mogu biti prepisane.
Description-ca.UTF-8: Voleu continuar amb la instal·lació a un objectiu brut?
 El sistema de fitxers objectiu conté fitxers d'una instal·lació anterior. Aquests fitxers poden trencar el procés d'instal·lació i, si continueu, alguns dels fitxers ja existents es poden sobreescriure.
Description-cs.UTF-8: Pokračovat s instalací do neprázdného cíle?
 Cílový souborový systém obsahuje soubory z minulé instalace. Tyto soubory mohou způsobit problémy v instalačním procesu, nebo, pokud budete pokračovat, mohou být některé ze stávajících souborů přepsány.
Description-cy.UTF-8: Parhau gyda sefydliad at darged nid yw'n lân?
 Mae'r system ffeiliau targed yn cynnwys ffeiliau o sefydliad blaenorol. Gall y ffeiliau hyn greu problemau'r gyda'r broses sefydlu, ac os ydych yn parhau, mi fydd rhai o'r ffeiliau yn cael ei ei trosysgrifo.
Description-da.UTF-8: Fortsæt med installation til urent filsystem?
 Målfilsystemet indeholder filer fra en tidligere installation. Disse filer kan give problemer for installationsprocessen, og hvis du fortsætte, kan nogle af de eksisterende filer blive overskrevet.
Description-de.UTF-8: Mit der Installation auf ein unsauberes Ziel fortfahren?
 Das Ziel-Dateisystem enthält Dateien einer vorherigen Installation. Diese Dateien könnten Probleme im Installationsprozess verursachen. Wenn Sie die Installation fortsetzen, könnten einige der vorhandenen Dateien überschrieben werden.
Description-dz.UTF-8: གཙང་དག་དམིགས་གཏད་ལུ་གཞི་བཙུགས་མཉམ་འཕྲོ་མཐུད་འབད?
 ཧེ་མའི་གཞི་བཙུགས་ནང་ལས་དམིགས་གཏད་རིམ་ལུགས་ལུ་ཡིག་སྣོད་ཚུ་ཡོད་ འ་ནི་ཡིག་སྣོད་ཚུ་གཞི་བཙུགས་ལས་སྦྱོར་འདི་དང་མཉམ་དཀའ་ངལ་ཚུ་འབྱུང་སྲིད་ནི་དང་ཁྱོད་ཀྱིས་འཕྲོ་མཐུད་འབད་བ་ཅིན་ཡིག་སྣོད་ཚུ་ནང་ཡོད་མི་ལ་ལོ་ཅིག་ཚབ་སྲུང་འབད་འོང་།
Description-el.UTF-8: Θέλετε να συνεχίσετε την εγκατάσταση σε ήδη εγκατεστημένο προορισμό;
 Το σύστημα αρχείων προορισμού ήδη περιέχει αρχεία από προηγούμενη εγκατάσταση. Αυτά τα αρχεία πιθανόν να προκαλέσουν προβλήματα στη διαδικασία της εγκατάστασης και αν συνεχίσετε μερικά από τα υπάρχοντα αρχεία μπορεί να υπεργραφούν.
Description-eo.UTF-8: Ĉu daŭrigi la instaladon sur ne malplena '/target'?
 La alcelita dosiersistemo enhavas antaŭe instalitajn dosierojn. Ili eble problemigos la instaladan procezon, kaj se vi daŭrigas, kelkaj el la ekzistantaj dosieroj povos esti anstataŭigitaj.
Description-es.UTF-8: ¿Continuar con la instalación al destino no limpio?
 El sistema de ficheros destino contiene archivos de una instalación anterior. Estos archivos podrían producir problemas con el proceso de instalación, si continúa se borrarán algunos de los ficheros existentes.
Description-et.UTF-8: Kas jätkata paigaldamist räpasele failisüsteemile?
 Valitud failisüsteemil on alles faile eelnevast paigaldusest. Need failid võivad paigaldamist häirida ning jätkamisel on oht, et osa faile kirjutatakse üle.
Description-eu.UTF-8: Bertsio zaharraren gainean jarraitu nahi duzu instalazioarekin?
 Helburuko fitxategi-sistemak aurreko instalazio bateko fitxategiak ditu. Fitxategi hauek instalazioa honda dezakete, edo aurrera jarraitzen baduzu, existitzen diren fitxategiak gainidatz daitezke.
Description-fa.UTF-8: تصب در مقصد ناسالم انجام شود؟
 فایل‌سیستم مقصد حاوی پرونده‌هایی از نصب قدیم است. این پرونده‌ها ممکن است باعث ایجاد مشکلاتی در فرأیند نصب شود، و اگر انجام دهید، برخی از پرونده‌های کنونی ممکن است دوباره نوشته شوند.
Description-fi.UTF-8: Jatketaanko asennusta ehkä kelvottomaan kohteeseen?
 Kohdetiedostojärjestelmä sisältää aikaisemman asennuksen tiedostoja. Nämä tiedostot saattavat vaikeuttaa asennusta. Jos jatkat, jotkin olemassa olevat tiedostot ehkä ylikirjoitetaan.
Description-fr.UTF-8: Faut-il installer le système de base par-dessus l'ancienne installation ?
 Le système de fichiers de destination contient des fichiers provenant d'une installation précédente. Ces fichiers pourraient perturber la procédure d'installation. Si vous continuez malgré tout, certains des fichiers existants pourraient être écrasés.
Description-ga.UTF-8: Lean ar aghaidh le suiteáil ar sprioc-chóras neamhghlan?
 Tá comhaid ó shuiteáil roimhe seo sa sprioc-chóras comhad.  B'fhéidir go mbeadh fadhbanna leis an bpróiseas suiteála de bhrí na gcomhad seo, agus má leanann tú ar aghaidh, seans go bhforscríobhfar na comhaid atá ann.
Description-gl.UTF-8: Desexa continuar a instalación no destino non limpo?
 O sistema de ficheiros de destino contén ficheiros procedentes dunha instalación anterior. Estes ficheiros poden causar problemas co proceso de instalación, e se continúa, pode que se sobrescriban algúns dos ficheiros xa existentes.
Description-gu.UTF-8: સાફ ન હોય તેવા લક્ષ્ય પર સ્થાપન આગળ વધારશો?
 લક્ષ્ય ફાઇલ સિસ્ટમ પહેલાનાં સ્થાપનની ફાઇલો ધરાવે છે. આ ફાઇલો સ્થાપન પ્રક્રિયા સાથે મુશ્કેલી ઉભી કરી શકે છે, અને તમે જો આગળ વધશો તો, કદાચ હાલની હાજર રહેલી ફાઇલોની ઉપર તે લખાઇ જશે.
Description-he.UTF-8: להמשיך את ההתקנה למטרה לא נקייה?
 מערכת הקבצים המיועדת מכילה קבצים מהתקנה שבוצעה בעבר. קבצים אלו עלולים לגרום לבעיות עם תהליך ההתקנה הנוכחי, אם ההתקנה תמשיך, חלק מהקבצים עלולים להידרס.
Description-hi.UTF-8: अस्वच्छ लक्ष्य पर संस्थापन जारी रखें?
 लक्षित फाइलसिस्टम पर पिछले संस्थापन की फाइलें उपस्थित हैं। यह फाइलें संस्थापन प्रक्रिया के लिए समस्या उत्पन्न कर सकती हैं, और यदि आप जारी रखते हैं, तो कुछ उपस्थित फाइलों का उपरिलेखन हो सकता है।
Description-hr.UTF-8: Nastaviti instalaciju na nečisto odredište?
 Odredišni datotečni sustav sadrži datoteke iz prošle instalacije. Te datoteke bi mogle prouzročiti probleme u postupku instaliranja, a ako nastavite, neke od postojećih datoteka bi mogle biti prebrisane.
Description-hu.UTF-8: Nem tiszta (letörletlen) célrendszerre folytatod a telepítést?
 A célrendszer korábbi telepítésből származó fájlokat tartalmaz. Ezek gondot okozhatnak a telepítés során, és - amennyiben folytatod - néhány régi fájl felülíródhat.
Description-id.UTF-8: Melanjutkan proses instalasi pada target yang tidak bersih?
 Sistem berkas target berisi berkas-berkas dari instalasi yang lalu. Berkas-berkas ini dapat menggagalkan proses instalasi, jika anda melanjutkan, beberapa berkas akan ditimpa.
Description-is.UTF-8: Halda áfram með uppsetningu á óhreina staðsetningu?
 Viðkomandi skráarkerfi inniheldur skrár frá fyrri uppsetningu. Þessar skrár gætu valdið vandamálum með uppsetningarferlið, og ef þú heldur áfram, þá gæti verið skrifað yfir einhverjar af þessum skrám.
Description-it.UTF-8: Procedere con l'installazione su una destinazione non pulita?
 Il file system destinazione contiene file di una precedente installazione. Questi file potrebbero causare problemi al processo d'installazione e, se si procede, alcuni dei file esistenti potrebbero essere sovrascritti.
Description-ja.UTF-8: 消去されていないターゲットにインストール処理を行いますか?
 ターゲットのファイルシステムには以前のインストールによるファイルが含まれています。これらのファイルはインストール処理で問題を引き起こす可能性があり、このまま進めると既存のファイルのいくつかが上書きされることになります。
Description-ka.UTF-8: დანაყოფი სუფთა არაა. გავაგრძელო დაყენება?
 სამიზნე ფაილური სისტემა შეიცავს ფაილების დაყენების წინა მცდელობიდან. ამ ფაილებმა, შეიძლება, დაყენების მიმდინარეობისას პრობლემები გამოიწვიოს და თუ გააგრძელებთ, ზოგიერთ არსებულ ფაილს, შეიძლება, ზედ გადაეწეროს.
Description-kab.UTF-8: Kemmel asebded ɣef yir asaḍas?
 Anagraw n yifuyla asaḍas deg-s ifuyla seg usebded aqbur. Ifuyla-a ad glunt s wuguren akked ukala n usebded, ma yella tkemmleḍ, ad ttwarun kra seg yifuyla yellan.
Description-kk.UTF-8: Бос емес бөлімге орнатуды жалғастыру керек пе?
 Түпкі файлдық жүйеде алдыңғы орнатудан қалған файлдар бар. Олар орнату кезінде қиындықтар туғызуы мүмкін. Жалғастыру кезінде кейбір ескі файлдардың үстіне жазылып кетуі мүмкін.
Description-km.UTF-8: បន្ត​ដំឡើង​ទៅ​គោលដៅ​មិន​ទាន់​សម្អាត ?
 ប្រព័ន្ធ​ឯកសារ​គោលដៅ​មាន​ឯកសារ​មួយ​ចំនួន​ពី​ការ​ដំឡើង​មុនៗ ។ ឯកសារ​ទាំងនេះ​អាច​បណ្ដាល​ឲ្យ​មាន​បញ្ហា​ជាមួយ​នឹង​ដំណើរការ​ដំឡើង ហើយ​បើ​អ្នក​បន្ត ឯកសារ​មាន​ស្រាប់​មួយ​ចំនួន​អាច​នឹង​ត្រូវ​បាន​សរសេរ​ជាន់​លើ ។
Description-kn.UTF-8: ಶುಚಿಯಲ್ಲದ ಲಕ್ಷ್ಯಸ್ಥಾನಕ್ಕೆ ಅನುಸ್ಥಾಪನೆಯನ್ನು ಮುಂದುವರೆಸುವುದೇ?
 ಉದ್ದೇಶಿತ ಕಡತವ್ಯವಸ್ಥೆಯು ಹಿಂದಿನ ಅನುಸ್ಥಾಪನೆಯ ಕಡತಗಳನ್ನು ಹೊಂದಿದೆ. ಈ ಕಡತಗಳು ಅನುಸ್ಥಾಪನಾ ಪ್ರಕ್ರಿಯೆಗೆ ತೊಂದರೆಯುಂಟು ಮಾಡಬಹುದು ಮತ್ತು ಹಾಗೆ ಮುಂದುವರೆದಲ್ಲಿ ಕೆಲವು ಮುಂಚಿನ ಕಡತಗಳನ್ನು ತಿದ್ದಿಬರೆಯಲಾಗಬಹುದು.
Description-ko.UTF-8: 비어있지 않은 대상에 설치를 계속 하시겠습니까?
 대상 파일 시스템에 예전에 설치한 파일이 남아 있습니다. 설치 과정에 문제가발생할 수도 있고 기존에 설치된 시스템을 망가뜨릴 수도 있습니다.
Description-ku.UTF-8: Sazkirina di hedefa nepakûj were domandin?
 Di sîstema pelan ya hedef de pelên sazkirineke din hene. Dibe ku di sazkirinê de ev pel pirsgirêk derdixin. Heke bidomînî, dibe ku ser çend pelê heyî dê were nivîsandin.
Description-lo.UTF-8:  ຈະດຳເນີນການຕິດຕັ້ງເທິງພາທີຊັນທີ່ບໍ່ສະອາດຫຼືບໍ່?
  ລະບົບແຟັມເປົ້າໝາຍທີ່ຈະຕິດຕັ້ງມີແຟັມຈາກການຕິດຕັ້ງເທື່ອກອ່ນຢູ່ແຟັມເຫຼົ່ານີ້ອາດຈະກໍ່ປັນຫາກັບຂະບວນການຕິດຕັ້ງ ແລະຖ້າເຈົ້າດຳເນີນການຕໍ່ໄປ ແຟັມທີ່ມີຢູ່ບາງສວ່ນອາດຈະຖືກຂຽນທັບ
Description-lt.UTF-8: Ar tęsti diegimą esant netvarkingai failų sistemai?
 Įdiegiamojoje failų sistemoje yra failų iš ankstesniojo diegimo. Šie failai gali tapti įdiegimo proceso problemų priežastimi, ir jei tęsite, dalis egzistuojančių failų gali būti perrašyti.
Description-lv.UTF-8: Turpināt instalēt uz nesakoptas mērķa direktorijas?
 Izvēlētā datņu sistēma satur datnes no iepriekšējās instalācijas. Šīs datnes var traucēt instalēšanas procesam un, ja turpināsiet, daļa esošo datņu var tikt pārrakstītas.
Description-mk.UTF-8: Продолжи со инсталација над постоечка инсталација?
 Целниот датотечен систем содржи датотеки од стара инсталација. Овие датотеки може да предизвикаат проблеми при инсталацијата, и ако продоложиш некои од веќе постоечките датотеки можеби ќе бидат пребришани.
Description-ml.UTF-8: വൃത്തിയല്ലാത്ത ലക്ഷ്യത്തിലേക്കുള്ള ഇന്‍സ്റ്റലേഷനുമായി മുന്നോട്ട് നീങ്ങണോ?
 ലക്ഷ്യ ഫയല്‍ സിസ്റ്റം ഒരു പഴയ ഇന്‍സ്റ്റലേഷനില്‍ നിന്നുള്ള ഫയലുകള്‍ ഉള്‍​ക്കൊള്ളുന്നതാണു്. ഈ ഫയലുകള്‍ ഇന്‍സ്റ്റലേഷന്‍ പ്രക്രിയയ്ക്ക് പ്രശ്നങ്ങള്‍ക്ക് കാരണമായേക്കാം, നിങ്ങള്‍ മുന്നോട്ട് പോകുകയാണെങ്കില്‍ നിലവിലുള്ള ചില ഫയലുകള്‍ മാറ്റിയെഴുതപ്പെട്ടേക്കാം.
Description-mr.UTF-8: आधीची माहिती असलेल्या लक्ष्यावर अधिष्ठापना करणे सुरू करायचे?
 लक्ष्य फाइल प्रणालीवर आधीच्या अधिष्ठापनेतील फायली अस्तित्वात आहेत. या फाइल्स अधिष्ठापन प्रक्रियेत अडथळा आणू शकतात, आणि पुढे चालू ठेवल्यास, काही सद्य फायली पुनर्लिखीत होतील.
Description-nb.UTF-8: Vil du fortsette installasjonen på partisjonen selv om det alt finnes en partisjon der?
 Filsystemet du vil installere på inneholder filer fra en tidligere installasjon. Disse filene kan ødelegge installasjonsprosessen eller føre til at systemet som blir installert inneholder feil.
Description-ne.UTF-8: लक्ष्यलाई सफा नगर्न स्थापना द्वारा प्रक्रिया गर्नुहोस्?
 लक्ष्य फाइल प्रणालीले फाइलहरुलाई पुरानो स्थापनाबाट समाविष्ट गर्दछ । यो फाइलहरुले स्थापना प्रक्रिया सगै समस्याहरू उत्पन्न गर्न सक्छ, र यदि तपाईँले प्रक्रिया गर्नुभयो भने, केही अवस्थित फाइलहरू अधिलेखन हुन सक्छ ।
Description-nl.UTF-8: Wilt u doorgaan met de installatie in dit vervuild doel?
 Het doelbestandssysteem bevat bestanden van een eerdere installatie. Deze leiden mogelijk tot problemen met het installatieproces, als u verder gaat worden deze bestanden mogelijk overschreven.
Description-nn.UTF-8: Vil du gå vidare med installasjonen på partisjonen sjølv om det alt er ein eksisterande installasjon der?
 Filsystemet du vil installere på inneheld filer frå ein tidlegare installasjon. Desse filene kan føre til problem for installasjonsprosessen, nokre av dei eksisterande filene kan bli overskrivne.
Description-no.UTF-8: Vil du fortsette installasjonen på partisjonen selv om det alt finnes en partisjon der?
 Filsystemet du vil installere på inneholder filer fra en tidligere installasjon. Disse filene kan ødelegge installasjonsprosessen eller føre til at systemet som blir installert inneholder feil.
Description-oc.UTF-8: Per installar lo sistèma de basa, volètz escafar l'ancian ?
 Lo sistèma de fichièrs de destinacion a de fichièrs d'una installacion anteriora. Aquestes fichièrs pòdon provocar de problèmas dins la procedura d'installacion. Se contunhatz, benlèu que d'unes fichièrs seràn escafats.
Description-pa.UTF-8: ਟਾਰਗੇਟ ਨੂੰ ਸਾਫ਼ ਨਾ ਕਰਨ ਲਈ ਇੰਸਟਾਲੇਸ਼ਨ ਜਾਰੀ ਕਰੋ?
 ਟਾਰਗੇਟ ਫਾਇਲ ਸਿਸਟਮ ਵਿੱਚ ਪਿਛਲੀ ਇੰਸਟਾਲੇਸ਼ਨ ਵਿੱਚੋਂ ਫਾਇਲਾਂ ਸ਼ਾਮਲ ਹਨ। ਇਹ ਫਾਇਲਾਂ ਇੰਸਟਾਲੇਸ਼ਨ ਪਰੋਸੈਸ ਨੂੰ ਰੋਕ ਸਕਦੀਆਂ ਹਨ, ਅਤੇ ਜੇ ਤੁਸੀਂ ਜਾਰੀ ਰਹੇ, ਕੁਝ ਮੌਜੂਦ ਫਾਇਲਾਂ ਮੁੜ ਲਿਖੀਆਂ ਜਾ ਸਕਦੀਆਂ ਹਨ।
Description-pl.UTF-8: Kontynuować instalację na niewyczyszczonym miejscu przeznaczenia?
 Docelowy system plików zawiera pliki z poprzedniej instalacji. Te pliki mogą spowodować problemy podczas instalacji i jeśli będziesz kontynuować część istniejących plików może zostać nadpisanych.
Description-pt.UTF-8: Continuar com a instalação para um destino já existente?
 O sistema de ficheiros de destino contém ficheiros de uma instalação anterior. Estes ficheiros podem causar problemas com o processo de instalação ou causar, e se você continuar, alguns dos ficheiros existentes podem ser reescritos.
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Continuar com a instalação em alvo não limpo?
 O sistema de arquivos alvo contém arquivos de uma instalação passada. Esses arquivos podem causar problemas com o processo de instalação e, caso você continue, alguns dos arquivos existentes podem ser sobrescritos.
Description-ro.UTF-8: Se trece la instalare pe ținta necurățată?
 Sistemul de fișiere țintă conține fișiere dintr-o instalare anterioară. Aceste fișiere ar putea cauza probleme în procesul de instalare și, dacă continuați, unele din fișierele existente ar putea fi suprascrise.
Description-ru.UTF-8: Продолжить установку на не пустой раздел?
 Целевая файловая система содержит файлы от предыдущей установки. Эти файлы могут помешать процессу установки или если вы продолжите, то содержимое существующих файлов вероятно будет изменено.
Description-si.UTF-8: අපිරිසිදු ඉලක්කයකට ස්ථාපනය කරන්නද?
 ඉලක්කගත ගොනු පද්ධතිය සතුව පෙර ස්ථාපනයක ගොනු පවතී. එම ගොනු ස්ථාපන ක්‍රියාවලියේදී ගැටළු ඇතිකල හැක. තවද ඔබ ඉදිරියට යයි නම් ඇතැම් පවතින ගොනු නැවත ලියවෙනු ඇත.
Description-sk.UTF-8: Pokračovať v inštalácii na nečistý systém?
 Cieľový súborový systém obsahuje súbory z predchádzajúcej inštalácie, ktoré môžu zapríčiniť chyby pri inštalácii. Ak sa rozhodnete pokračovať, niektoré jestvujúce súbory sa možno prepíšu.
Description-sl.UTF-8: Želite nadaljevati z namestitvijo na neprazen cilj?
 Ciljni datotečni sistem vsebuje datoteke iz prejšnje namestitve. Te datoteke lahko povzročijo težave pri namestitvenem procesu. Če nadaljujete bodo morda nekatere obstoječe datoteke prepisane.
Description-sq.UTF-8: Të vazhdoj me instalimin në pozicionin e paqartë?
 Filesistemi ku synohet të kryhet instalimi përmban file nga një instalim i shkuar. Këto file mund të dëmtojnë proçesin e instalimit, dhe nëse vazhdon, disa nga file-t ekzistues mund të mbishkruhen.
Description-sr.UTF-8: Да наставим са инсталацијом на неочишћен циљни систем датотека?
 Циљни систем датотека садржи датотеке од прошле инсталације. Ове датотеке могу довести до проблема са процесом инсталације и, ако наставите, неке од постојећих датотека могу бити преписане.
Description-sv.UTF-8: Fortsätt med installation till oren mottagare?
 Mottagarfilsystemet innehåller filer från en tidigare installation. De här filerna kan skapa problem för installationsprocessen och om du fortsätter kan även några av de befintliga filerna skrivas över.
Description-ta.UTF-8: சுத்தமில்லாத இலக்கில் நிறுவலை தொடரலாமா?
 இலக்கு கோப்பு அமைப்பில் பழைய நிறுவலின் கோப்புகள் உள்ளன. இவை நிறுவலின் போது பிரச்சினைகளை உருவாக்கலாம். மற்றும் உள்ளடக்கிய சில கோப்புகள் மேலெழுதப் படலாம்.
Description-te.UTF-8: శుభ్రంగాలేని లక్ష్యం (టార్గెట్ )పై స్థాపన కొనసాగించాలా?
 స్థాపన లక్ష్యమైన  ఫైల్ సిస్టమ్ లో గత స్థాపన నుండి ఫైళ్లువున్నాయి. ఈ ఫైళ్లు స్థాపన  ప్రక్రియలో సమస్యలకా కారణమవవచ్చు. మీరు కొనసాగితే, ప్రస్తుతమున్న ఫైళ్లలో కొన్ని తిరగరాయబడతాయి.
Description-tg.UTF-8: Насбро дар ҷои таъиноти тозанашуда идома медиҳед?
 Низоми файлии таъинотӣ дорои файлҳо аз насбкунии қаблӣ мебошад. Ин файлҳо метавонанд сабабҳои мушкилиҳо бо раванди насбкунӣ гарданд ва агар шумо идома диҳед, баъзе аз файлҳои мавҷудбуда метавонанд рӯйҳамнависӣ шаванд.
Description-th.UTF-8: จะดำเนินการติดตั้งบนพาร์ทิชันที่ไม่สะอาดหรือไม่?
 ระบบแฟ้มเป้าหมายที่จะติดตั้งมีแฟ้มจากการติดตั้งครั้งก่อนอยู่ แฟ้มเหล่านี้อาจก่อปัญหากับกระบวนการติดตั้ง และถ้าคุณดำเนินการต่อไป แฟ้มที่มีอยู่บางส่วนอาจถูกเขียนทับ
Description-tl.UTF-8: Magpatuloy ng pagluklok sa hindi malinis na target?
 Ang target na file system ay may laman na mga talaksan mula sa nakaraang pagluklok. Maaaring maging balakid sa pagluklok ang mga talaksan na mga ito o kaya ay maging sira ang sistemang mailuklok ninyo.
Description-tr.UTF-8: Kurulum boş olmayan hedef dizine yapılsın mı?
 Hedef dosya sistemi önceki bir kurulumdan kalan dosyalar içeriyor. Bu dosyalar kurulum işlemini veya kurulacak olan sistemi olumsuz etkileyebilir, ve mevcut bazı dosyaların üzerine yazılabilir.
Description-ug.UTF-8: تازىلانمىغان نىشان ھۆججەت سىستېمىسىغا ئورنىتامسىز؟
 نىشان ھۆججەت سىستېمىسىدا بۇرۇنقى ئورنىتىشتا قېلىپ قالغان ھۆججەت قالدۇقى بار. بۇ ھۆججەتلەر ئورنىتىش جەريانىدا بىر قىسىم مەسىلىلەرنى كەلتۈرۈپ چىقىرىشى مۇمكىن. ئەگەر ئورنىتىشنى ئىجرا قىلسىڭىز، بىر قىسىم مەۋجۇت ھۆججەتلەر قاپلىنىپ كېتىشى مۇمكىن.
Description-uk.UTF-8: Продовжити встановлення на непорожню файлову систему?
 Цільова файлова система містить файли з минулого встановлення. Ці файли можуть зашкодити процесу встановлення або, якщо ви продовжите, деякі існуючі файли можуть бути перезаписані.
Description-vi.UTF-8: Tiếp tục lại cài đặt vào đích bẩn không ?
 Hệ thống tập tin đích chứa các tập tin từ tiến trình cài đặt trước. Những tập tin này có thể sẽ gây ra lỗi trong tiến trình cài đặt này, và nếu bạn tiếp tục lại, một số tập tin tồn tại có thể bị ghi đè.
Description-zh_CN.UTF-8: 您要在未清空的目标文件系统中进行安装吗？
 目标文件系统中包含有以前的安装所残留的文件。这些文件可能会在安装过程中导致一些问题，并且如果您继续安装的话，一些已存在的文件可能会被覆盖。
Description-zh_TW.UTF-8: 是否要在未完全清空的檔案系統上進行安裝作業？
 該檔案系統還存在著上次安裝所殘留的檔案。這些檔案可能會妨礙安裝程序的進行，如果您執意繼續的話，有些已存在的檔案很可能會被覆蓋掉。

Template: base-installer/no_target_mounted
Type: error
Description: No file system mounted on /target
 Before the installation can proceed, a root file system must be mounted on
 /target. The partitioner and formatter should have done this for you.
Description-am.UTF-8: በ/target ላይ ምንም የፋይል ስርዓት አልተጫነም፡፡
 ተከላው ከመቀጠሉ በፊት በ /target ላይ የስር የፋይል ስርዓት መጫን አለበት፡፡ ይህ በከፋይና አሟሽ ስልት መከናወን ነበረበት፡፡
Description-ar.UTF-8: لا نظام ملفّات مركّب عند /target
 قبل أن يتمكّن التثبيت من المتابعة يجب تركيب نظام ملفّاتٍ جذر عند /target. يفترض أن يكون المجزّء والمنسّق قد قاما بذلك لك.
Description-ast.UTF-8: Ensin sistema de ficheros montáu en /target
 Enantes de que puedas siguir cola instalación, un sistema de ficheros root tien que montase en /target. El particionador y formateador pueden facelo por ti.
Description-be.UTF-8: Ніякай файлавай сістэмы не прымацавана да /target
 Перад працягам усталявання трэба прымацаваць каранёвую файлавую сістэму да /target. Праграмы падзелу і фарматавання дыскаў мусілі зрабіць гэта за Вас.
Description-bg.UTF-8: Не е монтирана файлова система в /target
 Преди инсталацията да продължи, трябва да е монтирана коренова файлова система в /target. Манипулаторът на дялове би трябвало вече да е свършил това за Вас.
Description-bn.UTF-8: /target-এ কোন ফাইল সিস্টেম মাউন্ট করা নেই
 ইনস্টলেশন প্রক্রিয়া এগিয়ে যাওয়ার পূর্বে /target-এ একটি রুট ফাইল সিস্টেমকে অবশ্যই মাউন্ট করতে হবে। পার্টিশনকারী ও ফরম্যাটকারী প্রোগ্রামের আপনার জন্য এ কাজটি করার কথা।
Description-bo.UTF-8: /target ཐོག་ཏུ་བཀར་ཡོད་པའི་ཡིག་ཆ་མ་ལག་མེད་པ
 སྒྲིག་འཇུག་མུ་མཐུད་མ་བཟོས་གོང་ /target ཐོག་ཏུ་རྩ་བའི་ཡིག་ཆ་མ་ལག་ཞིག་ངེས་པར་དུ་བཀར་དགོས། ཁག་བཟོ་ཆས་དང་རྣམ་བཞག་བསྒྱུར་བཟོ་ཆས་ཀྱིས་སྤྱད་ནས་འདི་བཟོ་ཐུབ
Description-bs.UTF-8: Datotečni sistem nije montiran na /target
 Prije nego nastavite sa instalacijom, root datotečni sistem mora biti montiran na /target. Programi za particionisanje i formatiranje trebaju ovo uraditi za Vas.
Description-ca.UTF-8: No hi ha cap sistema de fitxers muntat en /target
 Abans de que es puga procedir amb la instal·lació, s'ha de muntar un sistema de fitxers arrel en /target. El partidor i formatador haurien d'haver fet això per vosaltres.
Description-cs.UTF-8: Pod /target není připojen žádný souborový systém
 Před pokračováním v instalaci musí být připojen kořenový souborový systém do /target. Program pro dělení disku to měl provést automaticky.
Description-cy.UTF-8: Dim system ffeiliau wedi ei glymu ar /target
 Cyn gall y sefydliad fynd yn ei flaen, rhaid clymu system ffeiliau gwraidd ar /target. Fe ddylai'r rhaniadydd a'r fformadiwr fod wedi gwneud hyn ar eich cyfer.
Description-da.UTF-8: Ingen filsystemer monteret på /target
 Før installationen kan fortsætte, skal der monteres et rodfilsystem på /target. Partitions- og formateringsprogrammet burde have gjort dette for dig.
Description-de.UTF-8: Kein Dateisystem nach /target eingebunden
 Bevor die Installation fortgesetzt werden kann, muss ein Wurzeldateisystem nach /target eingebunden werden. Das Partitionierungsprogramm sollte dies für Sie erledigt haben.
Description-dz.UTF-8:  /target ལུ་ཡིག་སྣོེད་རིམ་ལུགས་སྦྱར་བརྩེགས་མ་འབད་བས།
 གཞི་བཙུགས་འདི་འཕྲོ་མཐུད་འབད་བཏུབ་པའི་ཧེ་མ་ /target ལུ་རྩ་འབྲེལ་ཡིག་སྣོད་རིམ་ལུགས་ངེས་པར་སྦྱར་བརྩེགས་འབད་དགོ་ བར་བཅད་འབད་མི་དང་རྩ་སྒྲིག་བྱེད་མཁན་གྱིས་འ་ནི་འདི་ཁྱོད་ཀྱི་དོན་ལས་འབད་འབདཝ་འོང་།
Description-el.UTF-8: Δεν έχει προσαρτηθεί σύστημα αρχείων στο /target
 Προτού συνεχιστεί η εγκατάσταση, θα πρέπει να προσαρτηθεί ένα βασικό σύστημα αρχείων στο /target. Το πρόγραμμα διαμέρισης και διαμόρφωσης θα πρέπει να το έχει ήδη κάνει αυτό.
Description-eo.UTF-8: Neniu dosiersistemo estas muntita sur '/target'
 Antaŭ la instalada procezo, radika dosiersistemo nepre devas esti muntita sur '/target'. La diskpartigilo kaj strukturigilo devus esti farintaj tion por vi.
Description-es.UTF-8: No se ha montado un sistema de ficheros en «/target»
 Debe montar el sistema de ficheros raíz en «/target» antes de proceder con la instalación. El particionador y formateador deberían haber hecho ésto por usted.
Description-et.UTF-8: /target külge pole failisüsteemi haagitud
 Enne paigaldamise jätkamist tuleb /target külge haakida juurfailisüsteem. Partitsioneerija ja vormindaja oleksid pidanud seda sinu eest tegema.
Description-eu.UTF-8: Ez dago fitxategi-sistemarik /target-en muntatuta
 Instalazioak aurrera jarraitu aurretik, erroko fitxategi-sistema muntatu behar da /-en. Partiziogileak eta formateatzaileak hau zure ordez egin behar izango lukete.
Description-fa.UTF-8: هیچ فایل‌سیستمی روی /target ماونت نشده است
 قبل از اینکه نصب بتواند انجام گیرد، یک فایل‌سیستم ریشه باید در /target ماونت شود. ابزار پارتیشن‌بندی و قالب‌بندی می‌بایست این را برای شما انجام داده باشند.
Description-fi.UTF-8: Hakemistoon /target ei ole liitetty tiedostojärjestelmää
 Juuritiedostojärjestelmä on liitettävä hakemistoon /target ennen kuin asennus voi jatkua. Osiointisovelluksen ja alustusohjelman olisi pitänyt tehdä tämä.
Description-fr.UTF-8: Aucun système de fichiers monté sur /target
 Avant l'installation proprement dite, un système de fichiers racine doit être monté sur /target. L'outil de partitionnement et de formatage devrait avoir effectué cette opération.
Description-ga.UTF-8: Níl aon chóras comhad feistithe ar /target
 Sular féidir dul ar aghaidh leis an tsuiteáil, ní mór duit fréamhchóras comhad a fheistiú ar /target. Ba chóir don deighilteoir agus don fhormáiditheoir é seo a dhéanamh ar do shon cheana.
Description-gl.UTF-8: Non hai ningún sistema de ficheiros montado en /target
 Antes de que comece a instalación, ten que se montar un sistema de ficheiros raíz en /target. O particionador e formatador xa deberían ter feito isto por vostede.
Description-gu.UTF-8: /target પર કોઇ ફાઇલ સિસ્ટમ માઉન્ટ કરેલ નથી
 સ્થાપન આગળ વધે તે પહેલાં, રુટ ફાઇલ સિસ્ટમ /target પર માઉન્ટ કરેલી જ હોવી જોઇએ. પાર્ટિશન કરનાર અને ફોર્મેટ કરનારે તમારા માટે આ કરેલ હોવું જોઇએ.
Description-he.UTF-8: אף מערכת קצבים לא עוגנה על /target
 לפני שההתקנה תמשיך, שורש מערכת הקבצים חייב להיות מעוגן על /target. המחלק למחיצות והמפרמט היו אמורים לעשות זאת עבורך.
Description-hi.UTF-8: /target पर कोई भी फाइल तंत्र आरूढ़ नहीं है
 संस्थापक के आगे बढ़ने से पहले /target पर एक रूट फाइल तंत्र का आरूढ़ होना आवश्यक है। विभाजक और संरूपक को आपके लिए यह कर देना चाहिए था।
Description-hr.UTF-8: Nema datotečnog sustava montiranog na /target
 Prije nastavka instalacije, korijenski datotečni sustav mora biti montiran na /target. Programi za particioniranje i formatiranje su vam to trebali učiniti.
Description-hu.UTF-8: Nincs fájlrendszer csatolva a „/target” célrendszerhez
 A telepítés folytatása előtt a /célrendszerhez egy gyökér (root) fájlrendszert kell csatolni. A particionálónak és a formázónak ezt már el kellett volna végeznie, valamiért azonban nem történt meg.
Description-id.UTF-8: Tak ada sistem berkas yang dikaitkan pada /target
 Sebelum instalasi dilanjutkan, sistem berkas root harus dipasang pada target /. Pemartisi dan pemformat kemungkinan telah melakukannya untuk Anda.
Description-is.UTF-8: Ekkert skráarkerfi var tengt við /target
 Áður en uppsetningin getur haldið áfram þarf að tengja rótarskráarkerfi við /target. Disksneiðitólið og forsníðitólin ættu að hafa gert þetta fyrir þig.
Description-it.UTF-8: Nessun file system è montato su /target
 Prima di continuare l'installazione è necessario montare un file system di root su /target. I programmi di partizionamento e di formattazione dovrebbero averlo fatto.
Description-ja.UTF-8: /target にマウントされたファイルシステムがありません
 インストールを進める前に、ルートファイルシステムを / ターゲットにマウントする必要があります。partitioner およびフォーマッタでこれを行っているべきです。
Description-ka.UTF-8: /target-ზე არ არის მიმაგრებული ფაილური სისტემა
 სანამ დაყენებას დაიწყებთ, /target-ზე საწყისი ფაილური სისტემა უნდა მიამაგროთ. ეს თქვენთვის დაყოფის და დაფორმატების პროგრამებს უნდა გაეკეთებინათ.
Description-kab.UTF-8: Ulac anagraw n yifuyla yettuserkeb ɣef /target
 Send ad ikemmel usebded, anagraw n yifuyla aẓar ilaq ad yettuserkeb ɣef /target. Ilaq amesnulfu n yiḥricen akked umessal xedmen-ak·am aya.
Description-kk.UTF-8: /target нүктесіне файлдық жүйе тіркелмеген
 Орнатуды жалғастырмас бұрын /target нүктесіне түбірлік файлдық жүйе тіркелуі тиіс. Мұны дискті бөлімдерге бөлуші орындайды.
Description-km.UTF-8: មិន​បាន​ម៉ោន​ប្រព័ន្ធ​ឯកសារ​លើ /target ឡើយ
 មុន​នឹង​អាច​បន្ត​ការ​ដំឡើង អ្នក​ត្រូវ​តែ​ម៉ោន​ប្រព័ន្ធ​ឯកសារ​ root មួយ​លើ /target សិន ។ កម្មវិធី​ចែក​ភាគ​ថាស និង កម្មវិធី​ធ្វើ​ទ្រង់ទ្រាយ គួរ​តែ​បាន​ធ្វើ​កិច្ចការ​នេះ​ឲ្យ​អ្នក ។
Description-kn.UTF-8: /target ಮೇಲೆ ಯಾವುದೇ ಕಡತ ವ್ಯವಸ್ಥೆಯನ್ನು ಏರಿಸಲಾಗಿಲ್ಲ
 ಅನುಸ್ಥಾಪನೆಯು ಮುಂದುವರೆಯುವ ಮುನ್ನ /targetನಲ್ಲಿ ಒಂದು ಮೂಲ ಕಡತ ವ್ಯವಸ್ಥೆಯನ್ನು ಏರಿಸಿರಬೇಕು. ವಿಭಜಕವು ನಿಮಗಾಗಿ ಈ ಕೆಲಸವನ್ನು ಮಾಡಿರಬೇಕು.
Description-ko.UTF-8: /target에 마운트한 파일 시스템이 없습니다
 설치를 계속 하시기 전에, 루트 파일 시스템을 /target에 마운트해야 합니다. 파티션 프로그램과 포맷 프로그램에서 벌써 마운트했어야 합니다.
Description-ku.UTF-8: Tu pergala pelan nehate dîtin
 Berî ku tu sazkirinê bidomînî divê tu li ser /target pergala pelên kok girê bide. Diviyabû dabeşker û teşekerê ev kar dêvila te kiribûya.
Description-lo.UTF-8:  ບໍ່ໄດ້ເມົາລະບົບແຟັມໄວ້ທີ່ /target
 ກອ່ນການຕິດຕັ້ງຈະດຳເນີນໄປໄດ້ລະບົບແຟັມລາກຈະຕອ້ງຖືກເມົາໄວ້ທີ່  /target ຊື່ງເຄື່ອງມືແບ່ງພາທິຊັນແລະຟໍແມັດຄວນຈະເຮັດໃຫ້ເຈົ້າໄວ້ແລ້ວ
Description-lt.UTF-8: Prie taško /target nėra prijungtos failų sistemos
 Prieš tęsiant diegimą, šakninė (root) failų sistema turi būti prijungta prie taško /target. Disko dalijimo ir formatavimo įrankis turėtų būti tai atlikęs.
Description-lv.UTF-8: Mērķa mapē (/target) nav piemontēta datņu sistēma
 Pirms instalēšana var turpināties, pie /target jāpiemontē saknes datņu sistēma. Disku dalīšanas rīkam vajadzēja izdarīt to jūsu vietā.
Description-mk.UTF-8: Нема датотечен систем монтиран на /target
 Пред да продолжи инсталацијата, root датотечен систем мора да биде монтиран на /. Партиционерот и форматерот би требало ова да го направиле за тебе.
Description-ml.UTF-8: /target ല്‍ ഫയല്‍ സിസ്റ്റമൊന്നും മൌണ്ട് ചെയ്തിട്ടില്ല
 ഇന്‍സ്റ്റാളുമായി മുന്നോട്ട് പോകുന്നതിന് മുന്‍പ് /target ല്‍ ഒരു റൂട്ട് ഫയല്‍ സിസ്റ്റം മൌണ്ട് ചെയ്യേണ്ടതുണ്ടു്. വിഭജകനും ഫോര്‍മാറ്ററും ഇതു് നിങ്ങള്‍ക്കായി ചെയ്യേണ്ടതായിരുന്നു.
Description-mr.UTF-8: /target वर कोणतीही फाइल प्रणाली आरोहित नाही
 अधिष्ठापना पुढे जाऊ शकण्यापूर्वी, मूल फाइल प्रणाली /target वर आरोहित असणे आवश्यक आहे. हे तुमच्याकरिता विभाजक व संरुपक यांनी करायला हवे होते.
Description-nb.UTF-8: Intet filsystem er montert på /target
 Før installasjonen kan fortsette, må et rotfilsystem monteres på /target. Partisjoneringen og formatteringen skal ha gjort dette for deg.
Description-ne.UTF-8: /target मा फाइल प्रणाली माउन्ट भएको छैन
 स्थापना प्रक्रिया हुनु पहिले, मूल फाइल प्रणाली /target मा माउन्ट भएको हुनु पर्दछ । विभाजक र ढाँचाकर्ताले यो तपाईँका लागि गरिदिने छन् ।
Description-nl.UTF-8: Er is geen bestandssysteem aangekoppeld op '/target'
 Voordat de installatie verder kan gaan, dient het basisbestandssysteem aangekoppeld te worden op '/target'. De schijfindeler heeft dit normaal al voor u gedaan.
Description-nn.UTF-8: Ingen filsystem er montert på /target/
 Før installasjonen kan halde fram, må eit rotfilsystem monterast på /target. Partisjoneringsverktøyet og formateringsverktøyet skulle ha gjort dette for deg.
Description-no.UTF-8: Intet filsystem er montert på /target
 Før installasjonen kan fortsette, må et rotfilsystem monteres på /target. Partisjoneringen og formatteringen skal ha gjort dette for deg.
Description-oc.UTF-8: Cap de sistèma de fichièrs pas montat sus /target
 Abans l'installacion, un sistèma de fichièrs raiç deu èsser creat sus /target. L'aisina de particionament e de formatatge deuriá aver efectuat aquesta operacion.
Description-pa.UTF-8: /target ਤੇ ਕੋਈ ਫਾਇਲ ਸਿਸਟਮ ਮਾਊਂਟ ਨਹੀਂ ਕੀਤਾ
 ਇੰਸਟਾਲੇਸ਼ਨ ਜਾਰੀ ਹੋਣ ਤੋਂ ਪਹਿਲਾਂ, root ਫਾਇਲ ਸਿਸਟਮ /target ਤੇ ਮਾਊਂਟ ਹੋਣਾ ਜਰੂਰੀ ਹੈ। ਵਿਭਾਜਕ ਅਤੇ ਫਾਰਮੈਟਰ ਨੂੰ ਤੁਹਾਡੇ ਲਈ ਇਹ ਕਰਨਾ ਚਾਹੀਦਾ ਹੈ।
Description-pl.UTF-8: Nie zamontowano żadnego systemu plików w /target
 Zanim instalacja będzie mogła być kontynuowana, główny system plików musi zostać zamontowany w /target. Program partycjonujący i formatujący powinien wykonać to dla Ciebie.
Description-pt.UTF-8: Nenhum sistema de ficheiros montado em /target
 Antes da instalação poder continuar, um sistema de ficheiros raiz tem de ser montado no alvo / . O particionador e formatador devem ter feito isto para si.
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Nenhum sistema de arquivos montado em /target
 Antes que o processo de instalação possa continuar, um sistema de arquivos raiz deve ser montado em /target. O particionador e o formatador deveriam ter feito isso para você.
Description-ro.UTF-8: Nici un sistem de fișiere nu este montat în /target
 Înainte ca instalarea să poată continua, trebuie montat un sistem de fișiere rădăcină la /target. Programul de partiționare și de formatare ar fi trebuit să efectueze acest lucru pentru dvs.
Description-ru.UTF-8: В /target не смонтирована файловая система
 Перед продолжением установки, в /target должна быть смонтирована корневая файловая система. Это должны были сделать partitioner и formatter.
Description-si.UTF-8: /ඉලක්කය මත කිසිඳු ගොනු පද්ධතියක් රඳවා නොමැත
 ස්ථාපනය ඉදිරියට යාමට පෙර, / ඉලක්කය මත මූල ගොනු පද්ධතිය පිහිටුවිය යුතුයි. කොටස්කාරකය හා හැඩසවිගන්වනය මෙය ඔබ සඳහා ඉටු කරයි.
Description-sk.UTF-8: Do /target nie je pripojený žiaden súborový systém
 Pred pokračovaním inštalácie musí byť do /target pripojený koreňový súborový systém. Môžete to urobiť použitím nástroja na rozdelenie disku.
Description-sl.UTF-8: Na /target ni bil priklopljen noben datotečni sistem.
 Pred nadaljevanjem namestitve morate priklopiti korenski datotečni sistem na /target. Za to bi morala poskrbeti programa razdeljevalec in formater.
Description-sq.UTF-8: Asnjë filesistem i montuar mbi /target
 Para se instalimi të vazhdojë, një filesistem root duhet montuar mbi /target. Ndarësi dhe formatuesi duhet ta kenë kryer këtë për ty.
Description-sr.UTF-8: Ни један систем датотека није прикачен на „/target“
 Пре него што инсталација настави, корени систем датотека мора бити прикачен на „/target“. Програм за партиционисање и форматирање је требало то да учини за вас.
Description-sv.UTF-8: Inget filsystem monterat på /target
 Innan installationen kan fortsätta måste ett rotfilsystem monteras på /target. Partitioneraren och formateraren skulle ha gjort det här åt dig.
Description-ta.UTF-8: /target-ல் எந்த கோப்பு அமைப்பும் ஏற்றப்படவில்லை
 நிறுவல் தொடரும் முன் /target-ல் மூல (root) கோப்பு அமைப்பு ஏற்றப் படவேண்டும். நிறுவியும் ஒழுங்கு படுத்தியும் இதை செய்து இருக்க வேண்டும்.
Description-te.UTF-8: /target పై ఫైల్ సిస్టమ్  అనుసంధానం కాలేదు
  మీరు స్థాపన కొనసాగించేముందు,/target లో రూట్ ఫైల్ సిస్టమ్  అనుసంధానం కావాలి.  పార్టిషనర్, ఫార్మాటర్  మీ కొరకు ఈ పని చేసి వుండాలి.
Description-tg.UTF-8: Ягон низоми файлӣ дар /target васл нашудааст
 Пеш аз идома додани насбкунӣ, низоми файлии решагӣ бояд дар /target васл карда шавад. Василаи қисмбандӣ ва шаклбандӣ бояд онро ба шумо иҷро кунад.
Description-th.UTF-8: ไม่ได้เมานท์ระบบแฟ้มไว้ที่ /target
 ก่อนที่การติดตั้งจะดำเนินไปได้ ระบบแฟ้มรากจะต้องถูกเมานท์ไว้ที่ /target ซึ่งเครื่องมือแบ่งพาร์ทิชันและฟอร์แมตควรจะทำให้คุณไว้แล้ว
Description-tl.UTF-8: Walang file system na naka-mount sa /target
 Bago makapagpatuloy ang pagluklok, kinakailangan na naka-mount ang root na file system sa /target. Dapat ay nagawa ito ng pang-partisyon at ng pang-format para sa inyo.
Description-tr.UTF-8: '/target'a herhangi bir dosya sistemi bağlanmamış
 Kuruluma devam etmeden önce /target üzerine bir kök dosya sistemi bağlanmalı. Bölümleyici ve biçimleyici programların bu işlemi sizin için yapmış olması gerekiyordu.
Description-ug.UTF-8: /target غا ھېچقانداق ھۆججەت سىستېمىسى ئېگەرلەنمىگەن
 ئورنىتىشنى باشلاشتىن ئىلگىرى، /target قا چوقۇم غول ھۆججەت سىستېمىسىدىن بىرنى ئېگەرلەش لازىم. دىسكا رايونغا ئايرىش پروگراممىسى ۋە فورماتلاش پروگراممىسى سىزگە ياردەملىشىپ بۇ خىزمەتلەرنى تاماملاپ بولدى.
Description-uk.UTF-8: Файлова система не змонтована у /target
 Перед продовженням встановлення коренева файлова система повинна бути змонтована у /target. Програми розбивки та форматування повинні були зробити це для вас.
Description-vi.UTF-8: Không có hệ thống tập tin được gắn vào “/target”
 Trước khi tiến trình cài đặt có khả năng tiếp tục lại, một hệ thống tập tin gốc phải được gắn vào “/target” (đích). Bộ phân vùng và định dạng nên đã làm công việc này cho bạn.
Description-zh_CN.UTF-8: /target 上没有挂载文件系统
 要开始进行安装，在 /target 上必须挂载一个根文件系统。磁盘分区程序和格式化程序应该已经帮您完成了这些工作。
Description-zh_TW.UTF-8: 在 /target 上沒有掛載任何的檔案系統
 必須先在 /target 上掛載一個 root 檔案系統，安裝作業才能夠繼續進行。磁碟分割程式和格式化程式應該已經替您完成這些工作了。

Template: base-installer/unclean_target_cancel
Type: error
Description: Not installing to unclean target
 The installation to the target file system has been canceled. You should go
 back and erase or format the target file system before proceeding with the
 install.
Description-am.UTF-8: ንጹህ ባልሆነ ቦታ ላይ አይተከልም
 በታለመለት የፋይል ስርዓት የሚደረገው ተከላ ተቋርጧል፡፡ ተከላውን ከመቀጠልዎ በፊት ወደኋላ ተመልሰው የፋይል ስርዓቱን መሰረዝ ወይም ማሟሸት ይኖርቦታል፡፡
Description-ar.UTF-8: لن يتم التثبيت على هدفٍ غير نظيف
 لقد تم إلغاء التثبيت على نظام الملفّات المستهدف. يجدر بك أن تعود و تمحي أو تنسّق نظام الملفّات المستهدف قبل استئناف التثبيت.
Description-ast.UTF-8: Nun s'instalará nun destín non llimpiu
 Encaboxóse la instalación nel sistema de ficheros destín. Tendría de tornar p'atrás y desaniciar o formatiar el sistema de ficheros enantes de siguir cola instalación.
Description-be.UTF-8: Адмова ад усталявання на непустую прастору
 Усталяванне ў мэтавую файлавую сістэму было адмененае. Вам варта вярнуцца і сцерці або адфарматаваць мэтавую файлавую сістэму перад працягам устаноўкі.
Description-bg.UTF-8: Не се инсталира върху неизчистени целеви файлови системи
 Инсталирането върху целевата файлова система е прекъснато. Трябва да се върнете обратно и да изтриете или форматирате целевата файлова система преди продължаване на инсталацията.
Description-bn.UTF-8: সমস্যাপূর্ণ ফাইল সিস্টেমে (target) ইনস্টল করা হচ্ছে না
 গন্তব্য ফাইল সিস্টেমে ইনস্টল করার উদ্যোগ বাতিল করা হয়েছে। ইনস্টলেশন প্রক্রিয়াকে আরো এগিয়ে নেওয়ার পূর্বে আপনার উচিত্‍ পেছনে ফিরে গিয়ে গন্তব্য ফাইল সিস্টেমকে মুছে ফেলা বা ফরম্যাট করা।
Description-bo.UTF-8: གཙང་བཟོ་བྱས་མེད་པའི་གནས་ཐོག་ཏུ་སྒྲིག་འཇུག་མི་བྱེད་པ
 དམིགས་འཛུགས་ཀྱི་ཡིག་ཆ་མ་ལག་ཐོག་གི་སྒྲིག་འཇུག་དེ་རྩིས་མེད་གཏོང་འདུག རང་ཉིད་ཕྱིར་ལོག་ནས་དམིགས་འཛུགས་ཡིག་ཆ་མ་ལག་དེ་གཙང་བཟོ་བྱེད་པའམ་ཡང་ན་བཟོ་བཀོད་བསྒྱུར་ནས་སྒྲིག་འཇུག་བྱེད་ཐུབ
Description-bs.UTF-8: Ne instaliram na nečistom sistemu
 Instalacija na odredišni datotečni sistem je obustavljena. Trebate vratiti i obrisati ili formatirati odredišni datotečni sistem prije nego nastavite sa instalacijom.
Description-ca.UTF-8: No s'instal·larà en un objectiu brut
 S'ha cancel·lat la instal·lació al sistema de fitxers objectiu. Hauríeu d'anar enrere i eliminar o formatar el sistema de fitxers objectiu abans de procedir amb la instal·lació.
Description-cs.UTF-8: Nelze instalovat do neprázdného cíle
 Instalace na cílový souborový systém byla zrušena. Před pokračováním byste se měli vrátit zpět a smazat nebo zformátovat cílový souborový systém.
Description-cy.UTF-8: Ddim yn sefydlu at darged sydd ddim yn lân
 Mae'r sefydliad i'r system ffeiliau targed wedi ei ganslo. Dylech dychwelyd a dileu neu fformatio'r system ffeiliau targed cyn parhau gyda'r sefydliad.
Description-da.UTF-8: Installerer ikke til urent filsystem
 Installationen til målfilsystemet er blevet afbrudt. Du bør gå tilbage og slette eller formatere målfilsystemet, før du fortsætter installationen.
Description-de.UTF-8: Keine Installation auf ein unsauberes Ziel
 Die Installation auf das Zieldateisystem wurde abgebrochen. Sie sollten zurückgehen und das Ziel löschen oder formatieren, bevor Sie mit der Installation fortfahren.
Description-dz.UTF-8: གཙང་དག་དམིགས་གཏད་ལུ་གཞི་བཙུགས་མི་འབད་བས།
 དམིགས་གཏད་ཡིག་སྣོད་རིམ་ལུགས་འདི་ལུ་གཞི་བཙུགས་འབད་མི་འདི་ཆ་མེད་གཏང་ནུག་ ཁྱོད་ཀྱིས་ལོག་འགྱོ་འདི་ཀྲེག་གཏང་ནི་དང་ཡང་ན་དམིགས་གཏད་ཡིག་སྣོད་རིམ་ལུགས་གཞི་བཙུགས་དང་མཉམ་འཕྲོ་མཐུད་མ་འབད་བའི་ཧེ་མ་རྩ་སྒྲིག་འབད།
Description-el.UTF-8: Δεν θα γίνει εγκατάσταση σε μη κενό προορισμό
 Η εγκατάσταση στο σύστημα αρχείων προορισμού ακυρώθηκε. Θα πρέπει να πάτε πίσω και να διαγράψετε ή να μορφοποιήσετε το σύστημα αρχείων προορισμού πριν να προχωρήσετε με την εγκατάσταση.
Description-eo.UTF-8: Oni ne instalas sur ne malplena '/target'
 La instalado al la dosiersistemo '/target' estis nuligita. Vi devas retroiri por forviŝi aŭ strukturigi tiun dosiersistemon antaŭ ol daŭrigi la instalprocezon.
Description-es.UTF-8: No se instalará en un destino no limpio
 Se ha interrumpido la instalación en el sistema de ficheros destino. Debería volver atrás y borrar o formatear el sistema de ficheros antes de continuar con la instalación.
Description-et.UTF-8: Ei paigalda räpasele failisüsteemile
 Sihtfailisüsteemile paigaldamisest loobuti. Peaksid tagasi minema ja enne jätkamist sihtfailisüsteemi puhastama või vormindama.
Description-eu.UTF-8: Ez da bertsio zaharraren gainean instalatzen ari
 Helburuko fitxategi-sistemako instalazioa bertan behera utzi da. Atzera joan eta helburuko fitxategi-sistema formateatu edo garbitu egin beharko zenuke instalazioarekin aurrera jarraitu aurretik.
Description-fa.UTF-8: در مقصد غیرپاک نصب نمی‌کند
 نصب در فایل‌سیستم مقصد لغو شد. باید باز گردید و قبل از انجام‌دادن نصب فایل‌سیستم مقصد را پاک یا قالب‌بندی کنید.
Description-fi.UTF-8: Ei asenneta kelvottomaan kohteeseen
 Asennus kohdetiedostojärjestelmään on peruutettu. Korjaa palaamalla takaisin ja poistamalla tai alustamalla kohdetiedostojärjestelmä ennen asennuksen jatkamista.
Description-fr.UTF-8: Pas d'installation sur une destination non vierge
 L'installation sur le système de fichiers destinataire a été annulée. Vous devriez revenir en arrière puis effacer ou reformater le système de fichiers de destination avant d'effectuer l'installation.
Description-ga.UTF-8: Ní shuiteálfar ar sprioc-chóras neamhghlan
 Cealaíodh suiteáil ar an sprioc-chóras.  Ba chóir duit an sprioc-chóras comhad a léirscriosadh nó a fhormáidiú sula leanann tú ar aghaidh leis an tsuiteáil.
Description-gl.UTF-8: Non se instala a un destino sen limpar
 Cancelouse a instalación no sistema de ficheiros de destino. Debería volver e borrar ou formatar o sistema de ficheiros de destino antes de continuar a instalación.
Description-gu.UTF-8: યોગ્ય ન હોય તેવા લક્ષ્ય પર સ્થાપિત કરતા નથી
 લક્ષ્ય ફાઇલ સિસ્ટમ પર સ્થાપન રદ કરવામાં આવ્યું છે. તમારે પાછા જવું જોઇએ અને સ્થાપનમાં આગળ વધતાં પહેલાં લક્ષ્ય ફાઇલ સિસ્ટમને ભૂંસી નાખવી જોઇએ અથવા ફોર્મેટ કરવી જોઇએ.
Description-he.UTF-8: לא ממשיך את ההתקנה למטרה לא נקייה
 ההתקנה למערכת הקבצים המיועדת בוטלה. כדאי לחזור אחורה ולמחוק או לפרמט את מערכת הקבצים המיועדות לפני המשך ההתקנה.
Description-hi.UTF-8: अस्वच्छ लक्ष्य पर संस्थापन नहीं किया जाएगा
 लक्षित फाइल तंत्र पर संस्थापन रद्द कर दिया गया है। आपको वापस जाकर लक्षित फाइल तंत्र को मिटाना अथवा पुनः संरूपित करना चाहिए और उसके बाद संस्थापन का प्रयास करना चाहिए।
Description-hr.UTF-8: Nema instalacije na nečisto odredište
 Instalacija na odredišni datotečni sustav je prekinuta. Trebate se vratiti i obrisati ili formatirati odredišni datotečni sustav prije nastavka instalacije.
Description-hu.UTF-8: Kitisztítatlan célrendszerre nem telepítek
 A célrendszerbe telepítés megszakadt. Lépj vissza, és töröld vagy formázd a célrendszert, mielőtt folytatod a telepítést.
Description-id.UTF-8: Tidak melanjutkan instalasi pada target yang tidak bersih
 Instalasi untuk sistem berkas target telah dibatalkan. Anda harus kembali dan menghapus atau memformat sistem berkas target sebelum melanjutkan instalasi.
Description-is.UTF-8: Set ekki upp á óhreina disksneið
 Hætt hefur verið við uppsetningu fyrir viðkomandi skráarkerfi. Þú ættir að fara til baka og eyða eða forsníða skráarkerfið áður en þú heldur áfram með uppsetninguna.
Description-it.UTF-8: Non installabile su destinazione non pulita
 L'installazione sul file system destinazione è stata annullata. Tornare indietro e cancellare o formattare il file system destinazione prima di procedere con l'installazione.
Description-ja.UTF-8: 消去されていないターゲットにインストールできません
 ターゲットファイルシステムへのインストールはキャンセルされました。インストールを進める前に、戻ってターゲットファイルシステムを削除するかフォーマットすることをお勧めします。
Description-ka.UTF-8: დანაგვიანებულ სამიზნეზე დაყენება შეუძლებელია
 სამიზნე ფაილურ სისტემაზე დაყენება გაუქმდა. დაბრუნდით უკან და წაშალეთ ან დააფორმატეთ სამიზნე ფაილური სისტემა, სანამ დაყენებას გააგრძელეთ.
Description-kab.UTF-8: Ur sebdad ara ɣef yir asaḍas
 Asebded ɣef unagraw n yifuyla asaḍas yettwasefsex. Ilaq ad tuɣaleḍ ɣer deffir syen ad tsefḍeḍ ad ternuḍ ad tmesleḍ anagraw n yifuyla asaḍas send ad tɛeddiḍ ɣer usebded.
Description-kk.UTF-8: Бос емес бөлімге орнатпау
 Түпкі файлдық жүйеге орнатудан бас тартылды. Орнатуды жалғастырмас бұрын ескі файлдық жүйеден қалған файлдарды жойыңыз немесе бөлімді түгелімен пішімдеңіз.
Description-km.UTF-8: មិន​ដំឡើង​ទៅ​គោលដៅ​មិន​ទាន់​សម្អាត
 បាន​បោះបង់​ការ​ដំឡើង​ទៅប្រព័ន្ធឯកសារ​គោល​ដៅ​ហើយ ។ អ្នក​គួរ​ត្រឡប់​ក្រោយ ហើយលុប ឬ ធ្វើ​ទ្រង់ទ្រាយ​ប្រព័ន្ធ​ឯកសារ​គោលដៅ​សិន មុន​នឹង​បន្ត​ការ​ដំឡើង ។​
Description-kn.UTF-8: ಶುಚಿಯಲ್ಲದ ಲಕ್ಷ್ಯಸ್ಥಾನಕ್ಕೆ ಅನುಸ್ಥಾಪಿಸಲಾಗುತ್ತಿಲ್ಲ.
 ಉದ್ದೇಶಿತ ಕಡತವ್ಯವಸ್ಥೆಗೆ ಅನುಸ್ಥಾಪನೆಯನ್ನು ರದ್ದುಗೊಳಿಸಲಾಗಿದೆ. ನೀವು ಅನುಸ್ಥಾಪನೆಯನ್ನು ಮುಂದುವರೆಸುವ ಮೊದಲು ನೀವು ಉದ್ದೇಶಿತ ಕಡತವ್ಯವಸ್ಥೆಯನ್ನು ಅಳಿಸಿ ಅಥವಾ ಸಿದ್ಧಗೊಳಿಸಿ.
Description-ko.UTF-8: 비어있지 않은 대상에는 설치하지 않습니다
 대상 파일 시스템에 설치를 취소했습니다. 대상 파일 시스템에 예전에 설치한 파일이 남아 있습니다. 이 파일때문에 설치 과정이 잘못되거나 망가진 시스템을 설치할 수도 있습니다. 설치를 계속 하기 전에 뒤로 돌아가서 대상 파일 시스템을 지우거나 포맷해야 합니다.
Description-ku.UTF-8: Heke pêrista armanckirî ne paqif be dê sazkirin çênebe
 Sazkirina li ser pergala pelên hedef hate betalkirin. Berî ku tu sazkirinê bidomînî divê tu vegere û pergala pelên hedef jê bibî yan jî teşe bike.
Description-lo.UTF-8: ຈະບໍ່ຕິດຕັ້ງໃນພາທິຊັ້ນທີ່ບໍ່ສະອາດ
 ການຕິດຕັ້ງໃນລະບົບແຟັມເກົ່າໝາຍຖືກຍົກເລີກເຈົ້າຄວນຍອ້ນກັບໄປລົບຫຼືຟໍແມັດລະບົບແຟັມດັ່ງກ່າວກອ່ນທີ່ຈະດຳເນີນການຕິດຕັ້ງຕໍ່ໄປ
Description-lt.UTF-8: Nediegsiu į netuščią failų sistemą
 Įdiegiamas į nurodytą failų sistema nutrauktas. Prieš tęsdami įdiegimą, turite grįžti atgal ir ištrinti, arba suformatuoti įdiegiamąją failų sistemą.
Description-lv.UTF-8: Neinstalē uz nesakoptas mērķa direktorijas
 Instalēšana izvēlētajā datņu sistēmā ir atcelta. Pirms turpināt instalēšanu, jums vajadzētu atgriezties un izdzēst vai vēlreiz formatēt izvēlēto datņu sistēmu.
Description-mk.UTF-8: Не инсталирам на нечист цел
 Инсталацијата беше откажана. Би требало да се вратиш и да ја избришеш или форматираш целната партиција пред да продолжиш со инсталацијата.
Description-ml.UTF-8: വൃത്തിയല്ലാത്ത ലക്ഷ്യത്തിലേക്ക് ഇന്‍സ്റ്റാള്‍ ചെയ്യുന്നില്ല
 ലക്ഷ്യ ഫയല്‍ സിസ്റ്റത്തിലേക്കുള്ള ഇന്‍സ്റ്റലേഷന്‍ റദ്ദാക്കിയിരിക്കുന്നു. ഇന്‍സ്റ്റാളുമായി മുന്നോട്ട് പോകുന്നതിന് മുന്‍പ് നിങ്ങള്‍ തിരിച്ചു് പോയി ലക്ഷ്യ ഫയല്‍ സിസ്റ്റം മായ്ച് കളയുകയോ ഫോര്‍മാറ്റ് ചെയ്യുകയോ വേണം.
Description-mr.UTF-8: पुर्वीची माहिती असलेल्या लक्ष्यावर अधिष्ठापना करत नाही
 लक्ष्य फाइल प्रणालीवर अधिष्ठापना रद्द केली आहे. अधिष्ठापन करणे चालू करण्यापूर्वी तुम्ही मागे जाउन संस्थापन करण्यापुर्वी लक्ष्य फाइल प्रणालीचे संरुपण करावे वा तिच्यावरील माहिती खोडून टाकावी..
Description-nb.UTF-8: Installerer ikke på et sted som ikke er tomt
 Installasjonen til målsystemet ble avbrutt. Du bør gå tilbake og slette eller formatere målsystemet før du fortsetter installasjonen.
Description-ne.UTF-8: लक्ष्य सफा नगर्न स्थापना गरिएको छैन 
 लक्ष्य फाइल प्रणालीमा स्थापना गर्न रद्द गरियो । स्थापना सँगै प्रक्रिया हुनु पहिले तपाईँले पछाडि गएर लक्षित फाइल प्रणालीलाई मेट्नु वा ढाँचाबद्ध गर्नु पर्नेछ ।
Description-nl.UTF-8: Er wordt niet geïnstalleerd in een vervuild doel
 De installatie naar het doelbestandssysteem is geannuleerd. U kunt best terugkeren en het doelbestandssysteem verwijderen of herformatteren voordat u met de installatie verder gaat.
Description-nn.UTF-8: Installerer ikkje til eit mål som ikkje er reint
 Installasjonen på målfilsystemet er avbrote. Du bør gå tilbake og slette eller formatere målfilsystemet før du held fram med installasjonen.
Description-no.UTF-8: Installerer ikke på et sted som ikke er tomt
 Installasjonen til målsystemet ble avbrutt. Du bør gå tilbake og slette eller formatere målsystemet før du fortsetter installasjonen.
Description-oc.UTF-8: Cap d'installacion sus una cibla pas voida
 L'installacion sul sistèma de fichièrs causit a pas capitat. Vos caldriá tornar puèi escafar o tornar formatar lo sistèma de fichièrs de destinacion abans d'efectuar l'installacion.
Description-pa.UTF-8: ਗ਼ੈਰ-ਸਾਫ ਨਿਸ਼ਾਨਾ ਤੇ ਇੰਸਟਾਲ ਨਹੀਂ ਕਰ ਰਿਹਾ
 ਟਾਰਗੇਟ ਫਾਇਲ ਸਿਸਟਮ ਤੇ ਇੰਸਟਾਲੇਸ਼ਨ ਰੱਦ ਹੋਈ। ਤੁਹਾਨੂੰ ਪਿੱਛੇ ਜਾਣਾ ਚਾਹੀਦਾ ਹੈ ਅਤੇ ਇੰਸਟਾਲ ਜਾਰੀ ਹੋਣ ਤੋਂ ਪਹਿਲਾਂ ਨਿਸ਼ਾਨਾ ਫਾਇਲ ਸਿਸਟਮ ਹਟਾਉਣਾ ਜਾਂ ਫਾਰਮੈਟ ਕਰਨਾ ਚਾਹੀਦਾ ਹੈ।
Description-pl.UTF-8: Nie instalować na nieprzygotowane miejsce przeznaczenia
 Instalacja na docelowym systemie plików została przerwana. Przed kontynuacją instalacji, cofnij się do poprzedniego etapu i wyczyść lub sformatuj docelowy system plików.
Description-pt.UTF-8: Não instalando num destino já existente
 A instalação no sistema de ficheiros de destino foi cancelada. Você deve voltar atrás e apagar ou formatar o sistema de ficheiros de destino antes de prosseguir com a instalação.
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Não instalando em um alvo não limpo
 A instalação no sistema de arquivos alvo foi cancelada. Você deve voltar e apagar ou formatar o sistema de arquivos alvo antes de continuar com a instalação.
Description-ro.UTF-8: Nu se instalează pe ținta necurățată
 Instalarea pe sistemul de fișiere țintă a fost anulată. Ar trebui să vă întoarceți la pasul anterior și să ștergeți sau să formatați sistemul de fișiere țintă înainte de a continua instalarea.
Description-ru.UTF-8: Не установлено на не пустой раздел
 Установка в целевую файловую систему была отменена. Чтобы продолжить установку вы должны вернуться назад, чтобы стереть или отформатировать целевую файловую систему.
Description-si.UTF-8: අපිරිසිදු ඉලක්කයට ස්ථාපනය නොකරමින්
 ඉලක්කගත ගොනු පද්ධතියට ස්ථාපනය සිදුකිරීම අවලංගු විය. ඔබට ස්ථාපනයෙන් ඉදිරියට යාමට පෙර ආපසු ගොස් ඉලක්කගත ගොනු පද්ධතිය මකා හෝ හැඩසවි ගැන්වීම සිදුකල යුතුයි.
Description-sk.UTF-8: Prerušenie inštalácie na nečistý cieľ
 Inštalácia na cieľový súborový systém bola prerušená. Mali by ste sa vrátiť späť a zmazať alebo naformátovať cieľový súborový systém, ak chcete pokračovať v inštalácii.
Description-sl.UTF-8: Namestitev ne poteka zaradi nečiste (neprazne) tarče
 Namestitev na ciljni datotečni sistem je bila preklicana. Vrnite se in zbrišite ali formatirajte tarčni datotečni sistem preden nadaljujete z namestitvijo.
Description-sq.UTF-8: Duke mos instaluar në pozicionin e paqartë
 Instalimi në filesistemin e zgjedhur u pezullua. Duhet të kthehesh prapa dhe të fshish ose formatosh filesistemin e zgjedhur para se të vazhdosh me installimin.
Description-sr.UTF-8: Нећу инсталирати на неочишћеном циљу
 Инсталација на циљни систем датотека је прекинута. Требало би да се вратите назад и обришете или форматирате циљни систем датотека пре него што наставите инсталацију.
Description-sv.UTF-8: Installerar inte på orent målfilsystem
 Installationen till målfilsystemet har avbrutits. Du bör gå tillbaka och radera eller formatera målfilsystemet innan du fortsätter med installationen.
Description-ta.UTF-8: சுத்தமில்லாத இலக்கில் நிறுவலை தொடரவில்லை
 இலக்கு கோப்பு அமைப்புக்கு நிறுவுதல் ரத்து செய்யப் பட்டது. நிறுவல் தொடர நீங்கள் பின் சென்று இலக்கு கோப்பு அமைப்பை அழிக்கவோ அல்லது ஒழுங்கு படுத்தவோ செய்ய வேண்டும்.
Description-te.UTF-8: శుభ్రంగాలేని లక్ష్యం (టార్గెట్ )పై స్థాపన  చేయుటలేదు
 లక్ష్యమైన ఫైల్ సిస్టమ్ లో స్థాపన రద్దుచేయబడినది.  మీరు స్థాపన కొనసాగించేముందు,  వెనక్కి వెళ్లి లక్ష్యమైన ఫైల్ సిస్టమ్ ను చెరిపేసి లేక ఫార్మాట్ చేయండి.
Description-tg.UTF-8: Дар ҷои таъиноти тозанашуда насб намешавад
 Насбкунӣ ба низоми файлии таъинотӣ бекор карда шуд. Пеш аз идомадиҳии насбкунӣ, шумо бояд ба қафо гузаред ва низоми файлии таъинотиро тоза ё шаклбандӣ намоед.
Description-th.UTF-8: จะไม่ติดตั้งในพาร์ทิชันที่ไม่สะอาด
 การติดตั้งในระบบแฟ้มเป้าหมายถูกยกเลิก คุณควรย้อนกลับไปลบหรือฟอร์แมตระบบแฟ้มดังกล่าว ก่อนที่จะดำเนินการติดตั้งต่อไป
Description-tl.UTF-8: Hindi magluluklok sa hindi malinis na target
 Ang pagluklok sa file system na target ay kinansela. Dapat kayong bumalik at burahin o i-format ang file system na target bago ipagpatuloy ang pagluklok.
Description-tr.UTF-8: Temiz durumda olmayan hedef dizine kurulum yapılmayacak
 Hedef dosya sistemine kurulum iptal edildi. Kuruluma devam etmeden önce geri dönmeli ve hedef dosya sistemini silmeli veya biçimlemelisiniz.
Description-ug.UTF-8: پاكىز بولمىغان نىشان ھۆججەت سىستېمىسىغا ئورنىتىلمايدۇ
 نىشان ھۆججەت سىستېمىسىغا ئورنىتىش جەريانى بىكار قىلىندى. سىز ئالدىنقى باسقۇچقا قايتىپ، نىشان ھۆججەت سىستېمىسىنى ئۆچۈرۈڭ ياكى فورماتلاڭ، ئاندىن يېڭىدىن ئورنىتىشنى باشلاڭ.
Description-uk.UTF-8: Не встановлюємо на непорожній розділ
 Встановлення на цільову файлову систему скасовано. Ви повинні повернутися назад та стерти або відформатувати цільову файлову систему до продовження встановлення.
Description-vi.UTF-8: Không cài đặt vào đích bẩn
 Việc cài đặt vào hệ thống tập tin đích đã bị bãi bỏ. Bạn nên trở về và tẩy hoặc định dạng hệ thống tập tin đích, trước khi tiếp tục lại cài đặt.
Description-zh_CN.UTF-8: 不在未清空的目标文件系统上安装
 在目标文件系统上的安装进程已被取消。您应当返回上一步，并删除或格式化目标文件系统，然后再开始重新安装。
Description-zh_TW.UTF-8: 不能安裝至未完全清空之檔案系統上
 在該檔案系統上所進行的安裝作業已經取消了。您應該返回並刪除或格式化該檔案系統，然後才能再繼續進行安裝作業。

Template: base-installer/progress/preparing
Type: text
Description: Preparing to install the base system...
Description-am.UTF-8: መሠረታዊ ስርዓቱን ለመትከል በመዘጋጀት ላይ…
Description-ar.UTF-8: التحضير لتثبيت نظام دبيان الأساسي...
Description-ast.UTF-8: Tresnando pa instalar el sistema base…
Description-be.UTF-8: Падрыхтоўка да ўсталявання базавай сістэмы...
Description-bg.UTF-8: Подготовка за инсталиране на основната система...
Description-bn.UTF-8: মূল সিস্টেম ইনস্টল করার জন্য প্রস্তুত হচ্ছি…
Description-bo.UTF-8: མ་ལག་གི་རྨང་གཞི་སྒྲིག་འཇུག་བྱེད་པར་གྲ་སྒྲིག་བཞིན་པ་་་
Description-bs.UTF-8: Pripremanje instaliranja osnovnog sistema...
Description-ca.UTF-8: S'està preparant per instal·lar el sistema base...
Description-cs.UTF-8: Připravuje se instalace základního systému...
Description-cy.UTF-8: Paratoi i sefydlu'r system sail...
Description-da.UTF-8: Forbereder installationen af basissystemet ...
Description-de.UTF-8: Die Installation des Basissystems wird vorbereitet ...
Description-dz.UTF-8: གཞི་རྟེན་རིམ་ལུགས་འདི་གཞི་བཙུགས་འབད་ནི་ལུ་གྲ་སྒྲིག་འབད་དོ...
Description-el.UTF-8: Προετοιμασία για εγκατάσταση του βασικού συστήματος...
Description-eo.UTF-8: Preparado por instali la bazan sistemon...
Description-es.UTF-8: Preparándose para la instalación del sistema base...
Description-et.UTF-8: Alussüsteemi paigaldamiseks valmistumine...
Description-eu.UTF-8: Oinarri-sistema instalatzeko prestatzen...
Description-fa.UTF-8: آماده‌سازی نصب سامانهٔ پایه…
Description-fi.UTF-8: Valmistaudutaan perusjärjestelmän asentamiseen...
Description-fr.UTF-8: Préparation de l'installation du système de base...
Description-ga.UTF-8: Ag ullmhú leis an mbunchóras a shuiteáil...
Description-gl.UTF-8: Estase a preparar a instalación do sistema base...
Description-gu.UTF-8: પાયાની સિસ્ટમ સ્થાપન કરવા માટે તૈયારી કરે છે...
Description-he.UTF-8: בהכנות להתקנת מערכת הבסיס…
Description-hi.UTF-8: आधार तंत्र संस्थापित करने की तैयारी कर रहे हैं...
Description-hr.UTF-8: Pripremanje instalacije osnovnog sustava...
Description-hu.UTF-8: Az alaprendszer telepítésének előkészítése...
Description-id.UTF-8: Bersiap memasang sistem dasar...
Description-is.UTF-8: Býst undir að setja upp grunn kerfið...
Description-it.UTF-8: Preparazione installazione del sistema base...
Description-ja.UTF-8: ベースシステムのインストールを準備しています...
Description-ka.UTF-8: მომზადება საბაზისო სისტემის დასაყენებლად...
Description-kab.UTF-8: Aheyyi i usebded n unagraw n taffa...
Description-kk.UTF-8: Базалық жүйені орнатуға дайындалу...
Description-km.UTF-8: កំពុង​ប្រុងប្រៀប​ដំឡើង​ប្រព័ន្ធ​គោល...
Description-kn.UTF-8: ಮೂಲ ವ್ಯವಸ್ಥೆಯನ್ನು ಅನುಸ್ಥಾಪಿಸಲು ಸಿದ್ಧಗೊಳಿಸಲಾಗುತ್ತಿದೆ...
Description-ko.UTF-8: 데비안 베이스 시스템 설치를 준비하는 중입니다...
Description-ku.UTF-8: Ji bo sazkirina pergala bingehîn tê amadekirin...
Description-lo.UTF-8: ກຳລັງກຽມລະບົບຕິດຕັ້ງພື້ນຖານ...
Description-lt.UTF-8: Pasiruošiama diegti bazinę sistemos dalį...
Description-lv.UTF-8: Gatavojas instalēt bāzes sistēmu...
Description-mk.UTF-8: Се подготвувам да го инсталирам основниот систем...
Description-ml.UTF-8: അടിസ്ഥാന സിസ്റ്റം ഇന്‍സ്റ്റോള്‍ ചെയ്യാന്‍ തയ്യാറായിക്കൊണ്ടിരിയ്ക്കുന്നു...
Description-mr.UTF-8: पाया प्रणालीच्या अधिष्ठापनेसाठी तयारी करत आहे....
Description-nb.UTF-8: Forbereder installasjon av grunnsystemet ...
Description-ne.UTF-8: आधार प्रणाली स्थापना गर्न तयार गरिदै...
Description-nl.UTF-8: Installatie van het basissysteem wordt voorbereid...
Description-nn.UTF-8: Gjer klar til å installere grunnsystemet ...
Description-no.UTF-8: Forbereder installasjon av grunnsystemet ...
Description-oc.UTF-8: Preparacion de l'installacion del sistèma de basa...
Description-pa.UTF-8: ਬੇਸ ਸਿਸਟਮ ਇੰਸਟਾਲ ਕਰਨ ਲਈ ਤਿਆਰ ਹੋ ਰਿਹਾ ਹੈ...
Description-pl.UTF-8: Przygotowanie do instalacji systemu podstawowego...
Description-pt.UTF-8: A preparar para instalar o sistema base...
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Preparando para instalar o sistema básico...
Description-ro.UTF-8: Se pregătește instalarea sistemului de bază...
Description-ru.UTF-8: Подготовка к установке базовой системы...
Description-se.UTF-8: Rahkáneamen sajáiduhttigoahtit vuođđovuogádaga …
Description-si.UTF-8: මූලික පද්ධතිය ස්ථාපනයට සූදානම් කරමින්...
Description-sk.UTF-8: Pripravuje sa inštalácia základného systému...
Description-sl.UTF-8: Priprava na namestitev osnovnega sistema ...
Description-sq.UTF-8: Duke përgatitur instalimin e sistemit bazë...
Description-sr.UTF-8: Припремам да инсталирам основни систем...
Description-sv.UTF-8: Förbereder installation av grundsystemet...
Description-ta.UTF-8: அடிப்படை அமைப்பை நிறுவ தயாராகிறது...
Description-te.UTF-8: బేస్ సిస్టమ్ ని స్థాపనకి తయారగుట...
Description-tg.UTF-8: Омодасозӣ барои насбкунии низоми асосӣ...
Description-th.UTF-8: กำลังเตรียมติดตั้งระบบพื้นฐาน...
Description-tl.UTF-8: Naghahanda na iluklok ang batayang sistema...
Description-tr.UTF-8: Temel sistem kurulumuna hazırlanılıyor...
Description-ug.UTF-8: ئاساسىي سىستېما ئورنىتىشقا تەييارلىنىۋاتىدۇ…
Description-uk.UTF-8: Підготовка до встановлення базової системи...
Description-vi.UTF-8: Đang chuẩn bị cài đặt hệ thống cơ bản…
Description-zh_CN.UTF-8: 正在准备安装基本系统...
Description-zh_TW.UTF-8: 正在準備安裝基本系統…

Template: base-installer/progress/installing-base
Type: text
Description: Installing the base system
Description-am.UTF-8: መሠረታዊ ሥርዓቱን በመትከል ላይ
Description-ar.UTF-8: تثبيت النظام الأساسي
Description-ast.UTF-8: Instalando'l sistema base
Description-be.UTF-8: Усталяванне базавай сістэмы
Description-bg.UTF-8: Инсталиране на основната система
Description-bn.UTF-8: মূল সিস্টেম ইনস্টল করা হচ্ছে
Description-bo.UTF-8: མ་ལག་གི་རྨང་གཞི་སྒྲིག་འཇུག
Description-bs.UTF-8: Instaliranje osnovnog sistema
Description-ca.UTF-8: S'està instal·lant el sistema base
Description-cs.UTF-8: Instaluje se základní systém
Description-cy.UTF-8: Yn sefydlu'r system sail
Description-da.UTF-8: Installerer basissystemet
Description-de.UTF-8: Installieren des Basissystems
Description-dz.UTF-8: གཞི་རྟེན་རིམ་ལུགས་འདི་གཞི་བཙུགས་འབད་དོ།
Description-el.UTF-8: Εγκατάσταση του βασικού συστήματος
Description-eo.UTF-8: Instalado de la baza sistemo
Description-es.UTF-8: Instalando el sistema base
Description-et.UTF-8: Alussüsteemi paigaldamine
Description-eu.UTF-8: Oinarri-sistema instalatzen
Description-fa.UTF-8: نصب کردن سامانهٔ پایه
Description-fi.UTF-8: Asennetaan perusjärjestelmä
Description-fr.UTF-8: Installation du système de base
Description-ga.UTF-8: Bunchóras á shuiteáil
Description-gl.UTF-8: Estase a instalar o sistema base
Description-gu.UTF-8: પાયાની સિસ્ટમ સ્થાપન કરે છે
Description-he.UTF-8: מערכת הבסיס מותקנת
Description-hi.UTF-8: आधार तंत्र संस्थापित किया जा रहा है
Description-hr.UTF-8: Instalacija osnovnog sustava
Description-hu.UTF-8: Az alaprendszer telepítése
Description-id.UTF-8: Memasang sistem dasar
Description-is.UTF-8: Set upp grunn kerfi
Description-it.UTF-8: Installazione del sistema base
Description-ja.UTF-8: ベースシステムをインストールしています
Description-ka.UTF-8: მიმდინარეობს საბაზისო სისტემის დაყენება
Description-kab.UTF-8: Asebded n unagraw n taffa
Description-kk.UTF-8: Базалық жүйені орнату
Description-km.UTF-8: កំពុង​ដំឡើង​ប្រព័ន្ធ​គោល
Description-kn.UTF-8: ಮೂಲ ವ್ಯವಸ್ಥೆಯನ್ನು ಅನುಸ್ಥಾಪಿಸಲಾಗುತ್ತಿದೆ
Description-ko.UTF-8: 베이스 시스템을 설치하는 중입니다
Description-ku.UTF-8: Pergala bingehî tê avakirin
Description-lo.UTF-8: ກຳລັງຕິດຕັ້ງລະບົບພື້ນຖານ
Description-lt.UTF-8: Bazinės sistemos dalies diegimas
Description-lv.UTF-8: Instalē bāzes sistēmu
Description-mk.UTF-8: Инсталирање на основниот систем
Description-ml.UTF-8: അടിസ്ഥാന സിസ്റ്റം ഇന്‍സ്റ്റോള്‍ ചെയ്തു് കൊണ്ടിരിയ്ക്കുന്നു
Description-mr.UTF-8: पाया प्रणाली अधिष्ठापित करत आहे
Description-nb.UTF-8: Installerer grunnsystemet
Description-ne.UTF-8: आधार प्रणाली स्थापना गरिदै
Description-nl.UTF-8: Het basissysteem wordt geïnstalleerd
Description-nn.UTF-8: Installerer grunnsystemet
Description-no.UTF-8: Installerer grunnsystemet
Description-oc.UTF-8: Installacion del sistèma de basa
Description-pa.UTF-8: ਬੇਸ ਸਿਸਟਮ ਇੰਸਟਾਲ ਕੀਤਾ ਜਾ ਰਿਹਾ ਹੈ
Description-pl.UTF-8: Instalowanie systemu podstawowego
Description-pt.UTF-8: A instalar o sistema base
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Instalando o sistema básico
Description-ro.UTF-8: Se instalează sistemul de bază
Description-ru.UTF-8: Установка базовой системы
Description-se.UTF-8: Sajáiduhttimin vuođđovuogádaga
Description-si.UTF-8: මූලික පද්ධතිය ස්ථාපනය කරමින්
Description-sk.UTF-8: Inštalácia základného systému
Description-sl.UTF-8: Nameščanje osnovnega sistema
Description-sq.UTF-8: Duke instaluar sistemin bazë
Description-sr.UTF-8: Инсталирање основног система
Description-sv.UTF-8: Installerar grundsystemet
Description-ta.UTF-8: அடிப்படை கணினி அமைப்பை நிறுவுகிறது
Description-te.UTF-8: బేస్ సిస్టమ్  స్థాపన చేయుట...
Description-tg.UTF-8: Насбкунии низоми асосӣ
Description-th.UTF-8: กำลังติดตั้งระบบพื้นฐาน
Description-tl.UTF-8: Iniluluklok ang base system
Description-tr.UTF-8: Temel sistem kuruluyor
Description-ug.UTF-8: ئاساسىي سىستېمىنى ئورنىتىۋاتىدۇ
Description-uk.UTF-8: Встановлення базової системи
Description-vi.UTF-8: Đang cài đặt hệ thống cơ bản
Description-zh_CN.UTF-8: 正在安装基本系统
Description-zh_TW.UTF-8: 安裝基本系統

Template: base-installer/progress/fallback
Type: text
Description: Running ${SCRIPT}...
Description-am.UTF-8: ${SCRIPT} በማስክከድ ላይ…
Description-ar.UTF-8: تشغيل ${SCRIPT}...
Description-ast.UTF-8: Executando ${SCRIPT}…
Description-be.UTF-8: Запуск ${SCRIPT}...
Description-bg.UTF-8: Изпълнение на ${SCRIPT}...
Description-bn.UTF-8: ${SCRIPT} চলছে…
Description-bo.UTF-8: ${SCRIPT}འཁོར་སྐྱོད་བཞིན་པ་་་
Description-bs.UTF-8: Pokrećem ${SCRIPT}...
Description-ca.UTF-8: S'està executant ${SCRIPT}...
Description-cs.UTF-8: Spouští se ${SCRIPT}...
Description-cy.UTF-8: Yn rhedeg ${SCRIPT}...
Description-da.UTF-8: Udfører ${SCRIPT} ...
Description-de.UTF-8: Ausführen von ${SCRIPT} ...
Description-dz.UTF-8: ${SCRIPT}...འདི་གཡོག་བཀོལ་དོ།
Description-el.UTF-8: Εκτελείται το ${SCRIPT}...
Description-eo.UTF-8: Interpretado de '${SCRIPT}'...
Description-es.UTF-8: Ejecutando ${SCRIPT}...
Description-et.UTF-8: Jookseb ${SCRIPT}...
Description-eu.UTF-8: ${SCRIPT} exekutatzen...
Description-fa.UTF-8: اجرا کردن ‪${SCRIPT}‬…
Description-fi.UTF-8: Suoritetaan ${SCRIPT}...
Description-fr.UTF-8: Exécution du script ${SCRIPT}…
Description-ga.UTF-8: ${SCRIPT} á rith...
Description-gl.UTF-8: Estase a executar ${SCRIPT}...
Description-gu.UTF-8: ${SCRIPT} ચલાવે છે...
Description-he.UTF-8: מתבצעת הרצה של ${SCRIPT}…
Description-hi.UTF-8: ${SCRIPT} प्रक्रिया में है...
Description-hr.UTF-8: Pokrećem ${SCRIPT}...
Description-hu.UTF-8: ${SCRIPT} futtatása...
Description-id.UTF-8: Menjalankan ${SCRIPT}...
Description-is.UTF-8: Keyri ${SCRIPT}...
Description-it.UTF-8: Esecuzione di ${SCRIPT}...
Description-ja.UTF-8: ${SCRIPT} を実行しています...
Description-ka.UTF-8: ${SCRIPT}-ის შესრულება...
Description-kab.UTF-8: Aselkem n ${SCRIPT}...
Description-kk.UTF-8: ${SCRIPT} іске қосу...
Description-km.UTF-8: កំពុង​រត់​ ${SCRIPT}...
Description-kn.UTF-8: ${SCRIPT}ನ್ನು ಚಲಾಯಿಸಲಾಗುತ್ತಿದೆ...
Description-ko.UTF-8: ${SCRIPT} 스크립트를 실행하는 중입니다...
Description-ku.UTF-8: Dixebitîne ${SCRIPT}...
Description-lo.UTF-8: ກຳລັງດຳເນີນການ ${SCRIPT}...
Description-lt.UTF-8: Vykdomas ${SCRIPT}...
Description-lv.UTF-8: Palaiž ${SCRIPT}...
Description-mk.UTF-8: Извршувам ${SCRIPT}...
Description-ml.UTF-8: ${SCRIPT} പ്രവര്‍ത്തിപ്പിച്ചു കൊണ്ടിരിയ്ക്കുന്നു...
Description-mr.UTF-8: ${SCRIPT} चालवत आहे...
Description-nb.UTF-8: Kjører ${SCRIPT} ...
Description-ne.UTF-8: ${SCRIPT} चालु भइरहेको छ...
Description-nl.UTF-8: ${SCRIPT} wordt uitgevoerd...
Description-nn.UTF-8: Køyrer ${SCRIPT} ...
Description-no.UTF-8: Kjører ${SCRIPT} ...
Description-oc.UTF-8: Execucion de ${SCRIPT}...
Description-pa.UTF-8: ${SCRIPT} ਚੱਲ ਰਹੀ ਹੈ...
Description-pl.UTF-8: Uruchamianie ${SCRIPT}...
Description-pt.UTF-8: A correr ${SCRIPT}...
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Executando ${SCRIPT}...
Description-ro.UTF-8: Se rulează ${SCRIPT}...
Description-ru.UTF-8: Запуск ${SCRIPT}...
Description-se.UTF-8: Vuodjimin ${SCRIPT} …
Description-si.UTF-8: ${SCRIPT} ක්‍රියාත්මක කරමින්...
Description-sk.UTF-8: Spúšťa sa ${SCRIPT}...
Description-sl.UTF-8: Poganjanje ${SCRIPT} ...
Description-sq.UTF-8: Duke ekzekutuar ${SCRIPT}...
Description-sr.UTF-8: Извршавам скриптеу „${SCRIPT}“...
Description-sv.UTF-8: Kör ${SCRIPT}...
Description-ta.UTF-8: ${SCRIPT} இயக்கப்படுகிறது...
Description-te.UTF-8: ${SCRIPT} నడుపుట...
Description-tg.UTF-8: Иҷрокунии ${SCRIPT}...
Description-th.UTF-8: กำลังดำเนินการ ${SCRIPT}...
Description-tl.UTF-8: Pinapatakbo ang ${SCRIPT}...
Description-tr.UTF-8: ${SCRIPT} çalıştırılıyor...
Description-ug.UTF-8: ${SCRIPT} ئىجرا قىلىۋاتىدۇ…
Description-uk.UTF-8: Запуск ${SCRIPT}...
Description-vi.UTF-8: Đang chạy ${SCRIPT}…
Description-zh_CN.UTF-8: 正在运行 ${SCRIPT}...
Description-zh_TW.UTF-8: 正在執行 ${SCRIPT}…

Template: base-installer/section/setup_dev
Type: text
Description: Setting up the base system...
Description-am.UTF-8: መሰረታዊ ስርዓትን በመትከል ላይ…
Description-ar.UTF-8: إعداد النظام الأساسي...
Description-ast.UTF-8: Afitando'l sistema base…
Description-be.UTF-8: Наладка базавай сістэмы...
Description-bg.UTF-8: Настройване на основната система...
Description-bn.UTF-8: মূল সিস্টেমকে সেট করা হচ্ছে…
Description-bo.UTF-8: མ་ལག་གི་རྨང་གཞི་སྒྲིག་འཛུགས་བྱེད་བཞིན་པ་་་
Description-bs.UTF-8: Postavljanje osnovnog sistema...
Description-ca.UTF-8: S'està establint el sistema base...
Description-cs.UTF-8: Nastavuje se základní systém...
Description-cy.UTF-8: Yn gosod fyny'r system sail...
Description-da.UTF-8: Sætter basissystemet op ...
Description-de.UTF-8: Einrichten des Basissystems ...
Description-dz.UTF-8: གཞི་རྟེན་རིམ་ལུགས་ སྒྲིག་སྟངས་འབད་ནི་་་་་
Description-el.UTF-8: Διαμόρφωση του βασικού συστήματος...
Description-eo.UTF-8: Akomodado de la baza sistemo...
Description-es.UTF-8: Configurando el sistema base...
Description-et.UTF-8: Alussüsteemi seadistamine...
Description-eu.UTF-8: Oinarri-sistema konfiguratzen...
Description-fa.UTF-8: برپایی سامانهٔ پایه…
Description-fi.UTF-8: Asetetaan perusjärjestelmä...
Description-fr.UTF-8: Configuration du système de base...
Description-ga.UTF-8: Bunchóras á shocrú...
Description-gl.UTF-8: Estase a configurar o sistema base...
Description-gu.UTF-8: પાયાની સિસ્ટમ ગોઠવે છે...
Description-he.UTF-8: מערכת הבסיס מוגדרת…
Description-hi.UTF-8: आधार तंत्र व्यवस्थित रहे हैं...
Description-hr.UTF-8: Postavljanje osnovnog sustava...
Description-hu.UTF-8: Az alaprendszer beállítása...
Description-id.UTF-8: Menyiapkan sistem dasar...
Description-is.UTF-8: Set upp grunnkerfið...
Description-it.UTF-8: Impostazione del sistema di base...
Description-ja.UTF-8: ベースシステムをセットアップしています...
Description-ka.UTF-8: საბაზისო სისტემის მორგება...
Description-kab.UTF-8: Aswel n unagraw n taffa...
Description-kk.UTF-8: Негізгі жүйені орнату...
Description-km.UTF-8: កំពង់​រៀបចំ​ប្រព័ន្ធ​មូលដ្ឋាន...
Description-kn.UTF-8: ಮೂಲ ವ್ಯವಸ್ಥೆಯನ್ನು ಸ್ಥಾಪಿಸಲಾಗುತ್ತಿದೆ...
Description-ko.UTF-8: 베이스 시스템을 준비하는 중입니다...
Description-ku.UTF-8: Pergala bingehî tê sazkirin...
Description-lo.UTF-8: ກຳລັງຕັ້ງຄ່າລະບົບພື້ນຖານ...
Description-lt.UTF-8: Bazinės sistemos dalies nustatymas...
Description-lv.UTF-8: Iestata bāzes sistēmu...
Description-mk.UTF-8: Го поставувам основниот систем...
Description-ml.UTF-8: അടിസ്ഥാന സിസ്റ്റം സജ്ജീകരിച്ചു് കൊണ്ടിരിയ്ക്കുന്നു...
Description-mr.UTF-8: पाया प्रणाली संरचित करत आहे...
Description-nb.UTF-8: Setter opp grunnsystemet ...
Description-ne.UTF-8: आधार प्रणाली सेट गरिदैछ...
Description-nl.UTF-8: Het basissysteem wordt ingesteld...
Description-nn.UTF-8: Set opp grunnsystemet ...
Description-no.UTF-8: Setter opp grunnsystemet ...
Description-oc.UTF-8: Configuracion del sistèma de basa...
Description-pa.UTF-8: ਬੇਸ ਸਿਸਟਮ ਸੈੱਟਅੱਪ ਕੀਤਾ ਜਾ ਰਿਹਾ ਹੈ...
Description-pl.UTF-8: Konfigurowanie systemu podstawowego...
Description-pt.UTF-8: A instalar o sistema base...
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Configurando o sistema básico...
Description-ro.UTF-8: Se pregătește sistemului de bază...
Description-ru.UTF-8: Настройка базовой системы...
Description-se.UTF-8: Heiveheamen vuođđovuogádaga …
Description-si.UTF-8: මූලික පද්ධතිය පිහිටුවමින්...
Description-sk.UTF-8: Nastavuje sa základný systém...
Description-sl.UTF-8: Nameščanje osnovnega sistema ...
Description-sq.UTF-8: Duke rregulluar sistemin bazë...
Description-sr.UTF-8: Подешавање основног система...
Description-sv.UTF-8: Konfigurerar grundsystemet...
Description-ta.UTF-8: அடிப்படை அமைப்பை அமைக்கிறது...
Description-te.UTF-8: బేస్ సిస్టమ్ ని సిద్ద పరుచు...
Description-tg.UTF-8: Танзимкунии низоми асосӣ...
Description-th.UTF-8: กำลังตั้งค่าระบบพื้นฐาน...
Description-tl.UTF-8: Inaayos ang base system...
Description-tr.UTF-8: Temel sistem kuruluyor...
Description-ug.UTF-8: ئاساسىي سىستېمىنى تەڭشەۋاتىدۇ…
Description-uk.UTF-8: Встановлення базової системи...
Description-vi.UTF-8: Đang cài đặt hệ thống cơ bản…
Description-zh_CN.UTF-8: 正在配置基本系统...
Description-zh_TW.UTF-8: 正在設定基本系統…

Template: base-installer/section/configure_apt
Type: text
Description: Configuring APT sources...
Description-am.UTF-8: የAPT ምንጮችን አዘጋጅ…
Description-ar.UTF-8: تهيئة مصادر APT...
Description-ast.UTF-8: Configurando fontes APT…
Description-be.UTF-8: Наладка крыніцаў APT...
Description-bg.UTF-8: Настройване на APT източници...
Description-bn.UTF-8: APT-এর উৎ‍স কনফিগার করা হচ্ছে...
Description-bo.UTF-8: APT ཁུངས་སྒྲིག་འགོད་བཞིན་པ་་་
Description-bs.UTF-8: Podešavanje APT izvora...
Description-ca.UTF-8: S'estan configurant les fonts d'APT...
Description-cs.UTF-8: Nastavují se zdroje pro APT...
Description-cy.UTF-8: Yn cyflunio ffynhonellau APT...
Description-da.UTF-8: Sætter APT-kilder op ...
Description-de.UTF-8: Konfigurieren der APT-Quellen ...
Description-dz.UTF-8: APT འབྱུང་ཁུངས་ཚུ་རིམ་སྒྲིག་འབད་དོ...
Description-el.UTF-8: Ρύθμιση των πηγών του APT...
Description-eo.UTF-8: Akomodado de la fontoj de 'APT'...
Description-es.UTF-8: Configurando las fuentes APT...
Description-et.UTF-8: APT allikate seadistamine...
Description-eu.UTF-8: APT iturburuak konfiguratzen...
Description-fa.UTF-8: پیکربندی منابع APT...
Description-fi.UTF-8: Muokataan APT-lähteitä...
Description-fr.UTF-8: Configuration des sources d'APT...
Description-ga.UTF-8: Foinsí API á gcumrú...
Description-gl.UTF-8: Estanse a configurar as fontes de APT...
Description-gu.UTF-8: APT સ્ત્રોતોને રૂપરેખાંકિત કરે છે...
Description-he.UTF-8: מוגדרים מקורות APT…
Description-hi.UTF-8: एपीटी स्रोत व्यवस्थित किया जा रहा है...
Description-hr.UTF-8: Podešavanje APT izvora...
Description-hu.UTF-8: APT források konfigurálása...
Description-id.UTF-8: Mengonfigurasi sumber-sumber APT...
Description-is.UTF-8: Stilli APT pakkalista...
Description-it.UTF-8: Configurazione delle sorgenti APT...
Description-ja.UTF-8: APT ソースを設定しています...
Description-ka.UTF-8: APT-ის წყაროების მორგება...
Description-kab.UTF-8: Tiɣbula n uswel n APT...
Description-kk.UTF-8: АРТ қайнар көздерін баптау...
Description-km.UTF-8: កំពុង​កំណត់​រចនាសម្ព័ន្ធ​ប្រភព APT...
Description-kn.UTF-8: APT ಆಕರಗಳನ್ನು ಸಂರಚಿಸಲಾಗುತ್ತಿದೆ...
Description-ko.UTF-8: APT 소스를 설정하는 중입니다...
Description-ku.UTF-8: Çavkaniyên APT tên sazkirin...
Description-lo.UTF-8: ກຳລັງຕັ້ງຄ່າແຫລ່ງ APT...
Description-lt.UTF-8: APT šaltinių konfigūravimas...
Description-lv.UTF-8: Konfigurē APT avotus...
Description-mk.UTF-8: Конфигурирање на APT изворите...
Description-ml.UTF-8: APT ശ്രോതസ്സുകള്‍ ക്രമീകരിച്ചു് കൊണ്ടിരിയ്ക്കുന്നു...
Description-mr.UTF-8: ऍप्ट उगमस्थानांची संरचना होत आहे...
Description-nb.UTF-8: Setter opp apt-kilder ...
Description-ne.UTF-8: APT स्रोतहरू कन्फिगर गरिदैछ...
Description-nl.UTF-8: APT-bronnen worden ingesteld...
Description-nn.UTF-8: Set opp APT-kjelder ...
Description-no.UTF-8: Setter opp apt-kilder ...
Description-oc.UTF-8: Configuracion de las fonts d'APT...
Description-pa.UTF-8: APT ਸਰੋਤ ਸੰਰਚਿਤ ਕੀਤਾ ਜਾ ਰਿਹਾ ਹੈ...
Description-pl.UTF-8: Konfigurowanie źródeł APT...
Description-pt.UTF-8: A configurar as fontes APT...
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Configurando as fontes APT...
Description-ro.UTF-8: Se configurează sursele APT...
Description-ru.UTF-8: Настройка источников APT...
Description-se.UTF-8: Heiveheamen APT-gálduid …
Description-si.UTF-8: APT මූල සකසමින්...
Description-sk.UTF-8: Nastavujú sa zdroje pre APT...
Description-sl.UTF-8: Nastavljanje virov APT ...
Description-sq.UTF-8: Duke konfiguruar burimet APT...
Description-sr.UTF-8: Подешавам изворе за APT...
Description-sv.UTF-8: Konfigurerar APT-källor...
Description-ta.UTF-8: ஏபிடி மூல வளத்தை வடிவமைக்கிறது.
Description-te.UTF-8: APT మూలాల  అమరిక...
Description-tg.UTF-8: Танзимкунии манбаҳои APT...
Description-th.UTF-8: กำลังตั้งค่าแหล่ง APT...
Description-tl.UTF-8: Isinasaayos ang mga pagkukunan ng APT...
Description-tr.UTF-8: APT kaynakları yapılandırılıyor...
Description-ug.UTF-8: APT مەنبەسىنى سەپلەۋاتىدۇ...
Description-uk.UTF-8: Налаштування джерел APT...
Description-vi.UTF-8: Đang cấu hình các nguồn APT…
Description-zh_CN.UTF-8: 正在配置 APT 源...
Description-zh_TW.UTF-8: 正在設定 APT 來源…

Template: base-installer/section/apt_update
Type: text
Description: Updating the list of available packages...
Description-am.UTF-8: ያሉ ጥቅሎችን ዝርዝር በማሻሻል ላይ…
Description-ar.UTF-8: تحديث قائمة الحزم المتوفّرة...
Description-ast.UTF-8: Anovando la llista de paquetes disponibles…
Description-be.UTF-8: Узнаўленне спісу даступных пакетаў...
Description-bg.UTF-8: Обновяване на списъка на достъпните пакети...
Description-bn.UTF-8: উপস্থিত প্যাকেজগুলোর তালিকা আপডেট করা হচ্ছে...
Description-bo.UTF-8: སྤྱོད་རུང་བའི་ཐུམ་བུའི་མིང་ཐོ་གསར་སྒྱུར་བྱེད་བཞིན་པ་་་
Description-bs.UTF-8: Osvježavam listu dostupnih paketa...
Description-ca.UTF-8: S'està actualitzant la llista de paquets disponibles...
Description-cs.UTF-8: Aktualizuje se seznam dostupných balíků...
Description-cy.UTF-8: Yn diweddaru'r rhestr o becynnau sydd ar gael...
Description-da.UTF-8: Opdaterer listen over tilgængelige pakker ...
Description-de.UTF-8: Die Liste der verfügbaren Pakete wird aktualisiert ...
Description-dz.UTF-8: ཐུམ་སྒྲིལ་ཚུ་ཐོབ་ཚུགསཔ་ཡོད་མི་གི་ཐོ་ཡིག་དུས་མཐུན་བཟོ་དོ...
Description-el.UTF-8: Ανανέωση της λίστας των διαθέσιμων πακέτων...
Description-eo.UTF-8: Aktualigo de la listo de disponeblaj pakoj...
Description-es.UTF-8: Actualizando la lista de paquetes disponibles...
Description-et.UTF-8: Saadaolevate pakettide nimistu värskendamine...
Description-eu.UTF-8: Pakete erabilgarrien zerrenda eguneratzen...
Description-fa.UTF-8: به‌روز کردن سیاههٔ بسته‌های موجود…
Description-fi.UTF-8: Päivitetään luetteloa käytettävissä olevista paketeista...
Description-fr.UTF-8: Mise à jour de la liste des paquets disponibles...
Description-ga.UTF-8: Liosta na bpacáistí atá ar fáil á nuashonrú...
Description-gl.UTF-8: Estase a actualizar a lista dos paquetes dispoñíbeis...
Description-gu.UTF-8: પ્રાપ્ત પેકેજોની યાદીને સુધારે છે...
Description-he.UTF-8: רשימת החבילות הזמינות מתעדכנת…
Description-hi.UTF-8: उपलब्ध पैकेजों की सूची का अद्यतन कर रहे हैं...
Description-hr.UTF-8: Nadopunjavanje popisa dostupnih paketa...
Description-hu.UTF-8: Elérhető csomagok listájának frissítése...
Description-id.UTF-8: Memperbarui daftar paket yang tersedia...
Description-is.UTF-8: Uppfæri lista yfir tiltæka pakka...
Description-it.UTF-8: Aggiornamento dell'elenco dei pacchetti disponibili...
Description-ja.UTF-8: 利用可能なパッケージのリストを更新しています...
Description-ka.UTF-8: ხელმისაწვდომი პაკეტების სიის განახლება...
Description-kab.UTF-8: Aleqqem tabdart n yikemmusen i yellan...
Description-kk.UTF-8: Қолжетімді дестелер тізімін жаңарту...
Description-km.UTF-8: កំពុង​ធ្វើ​ឲ្យ​បញ្ជី​កញ្ចប់​ដែល​អាច​ប្រើ​បាន​ទាន់​សម័យ​...
Description-kn.UTF-8: ಲಭ್ಯವಿರುವ ಮೆದುಸರಕುಗಳ ಪಟ್ಟಿಯನ್ನು ನವೀಕರಿಸಲಾಗುತ್ತಿದೆ...
Description-ko.UTF-8: 사용 가능한 패키지의 목록을 업데이트하는 중입니다...
Description-ku.UTF-8: Lîsteya paketên amade tê rojanekirin...
Description-lo.UTF-8: ກຳລັງປັບປຸງຂໍ້ມູນລາຍການແພກເກັດທີ່ມີ...
Description-lt.UTF-8: Atnaujinamas prieinamų paketų sąrašas...
Description-lv.UTF-8: Atjaunina pieejamo pakotņu sarakstu...
Description-mk.UTF-8: Синхронизирање на листата на достапни пакети...
Description-ml.UTF-8: ലഭ്യമായ പാക്കേജുകളുടെ പട്ടിക പുതുക്കി കൊണ്ടിരിയ്ക്കുന്നു...
Description-mr.UTF-8: उपलब्ध पॅकेजेसची यादी सुधारित करत आहे...
Description-nb.UTF-8: Oppdaterer lista over tilgjengelige pakker ...
Description-ne.UTF-8: उपलब्ध प्याकेजहरुको सूची अद्यावधिक गरिदैछ...
Description-nl.UTF-8: Lijst van beschikbare pakketten wordt bijgewerkt...
Description-nn.UTF-8: Oppdaterer lista over tilgjengelege pakkar ...
Description-no.UTF-8: Oppdaterer lista over tilgjengelige pakker ...
Description-oc.UTF-8: Mesa a jorn de la tièra dels paquetatges disponibles...
Description-pa.UTF-8: ਉਪਲੱਬਧ ਪੈਕੇਜਾਂ ਦੀ ਲਿਸਟ ਅੱਪਡੇਟ ਕੀਤੀ ਜਾ ਰਹੀ ਹੈ...
Description-pl.UTF-8: Aktualizowanie listy dostępnych pakietów...
Description-pt.UTF-8: A actualizar a lista de pacotes disponíveis...
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Atualizando a lista de pacotes disponíveis...
Description-ro.UTF-8: Se actualizează lista de pachete disponibile...
Description-ru.UTF-8: Обновление списка доступных пакетов...
Description-se.UTF-8: Ođasmahttimin olámuttus páhkaid listtu …
Description-si.UTF-8: භාවිතයට ඇති ඇසුරුම් ලැයිස්තුව යාවත් කරමින්...
Description-sk.UTF-8: Aktualizuje sa zoznam dostupných balíkov...
Description-sl.UTF-8: Posodabljanje seznama paketov, ki so na voljo ...
Description-sq.UTF-8: Duke freskuar listën e paketave në dispozicion...
Description-sr.UTF-8: Освежавам списак доступних пакета...
Description-sv.UTF-8: Uppdaterar listan över tillgängliga paket...
Description-ta.UTF-8: கிடைக்கக் கூடிய தொகுப்புகளின் பட்டியலை புதுப்பிக்கிறது....
Description-te.UTF-8: అందుబాటులో గల పాకేజిల జాబితాను  తాజాచేయుట
Description-tg.UTF-8: Навсозии рӯйхати бастаҳои дастрас...
Description-th.UTF-8: กำลังปรับข้อมูลรายการแพกเกจที่มี...
Description-tl.UTF-8: Sinasariwa ang talaan ng mga pakete na makukuha...
Description-tr.UTF-8: Mevcut paketlere ilişkin liste güncelleniyor...
Description-ug.UTF-8: ئىشلىتىشكە بولىدىغان بوغچا تىزىملىكىنى يېڭىلاۋاتىدۇ…
Description-uk.UTF-8: Оновлення списку наявних пакунків...
Description-vi.UTF-8: Đang cập nhật danh sách các gói có sẵn…
Description-zh_CN.UTF-8: 正在更新可用软件包列表...
Description-zh_TW.UTF-8: 正在更新可用的套件列表…

Template: base-installer/section/install_extra
Type: text
Description: Installing extra packages...
Description-am.UTF-8: ተጨማሪ ጥቅሎችን በመትከል ላይ…
Description-ar.UTF-8: تثبيت الحزم الإضافيّة...
Description-ast.UTF-8: Instalando paquetes estra…
Description-be.UTF-8: Усталяванне дадатковых пакетаў...
Description-bg.UTF-8: Инсталиране на допълнителните пакети...
Description-bn.UTF-8: অতিরিক্ত প্যাকেজ ইনস্টল করা হচ্ছে...
Description-bo.UTF-8: ཟུར་སྣོན་གྱི་ཐུམ་བུ་སྒྲིག་འཇུག་བྱེད་བཞིན་པ་་་
Description-bs.UTF-8: Instaliram dodatne pakete...
Description-ca.UTF-8: S'estan instal·lant els paquets extra...
Description-cs.UTF-8: Instalují se extra balíky...
Description-cy.UTF-8: Yn sefydlu pecynnau ychwanegol...
Description-da.UTF-8: Installerer ekstrapakker ...
Description-de.UTF-8: Installieren zusätzlicher Pakete ...
Description-dz.UTF-8: ཐུམ་སྒྲིལ་ཚུ་ཐེབས་གཞི་བཙུགས་འབད་དོ...
Description-el.UTF-8: Εγκατάσταση επιπλέον πακέτων...
Description-eo.UTF-8: Instalado de kromaj pakoj...
Description-es.UTF-8: Instalando los paquetes extra...
Description-et.UTF-8: Lisapakettide paigaldamine...
Description-eu.UTF-8: Pakete gehigarriak instalatzen...
Description-fa.UTF-8: نصب کردن بسته‌های اضافی…
Description-fi.UTF-8: Asennetaan lisäpaketteja...
Description-fr.UTF-8: Installation des paquets supplémentaires...
Description-ga.UTF-8: Pacáistí breisithe á suiteáil...
Description-gl.UTF-8: Estanse a instalar os paquetes extra...
Description-gu.UTF-8: વધારાનાં પેકેજો સ્થાપિત કરે છે...
Description-he.UTF-8: חבילות התוספת מותקנות…
Description-hi.UTF-8: अतिरिक्त पैकेजों को संस्थापित किया जा रहा है...
Description-hr.UTF-8: Instalacija dodatnih paketa...
Description-hu.UTF-8: Extra csomagok telepítése...
Description-id.UTF-8: Memasang paket-paket tambahan...
Description-is.UTF-8: Set upp viðbótarpakka...
Description-it.UTF-8: Installazione dei pacchetti aggiuntivi...
Description-ja.UTF-8: 特別パッケージをインストールしています...
Description-ka.UTF-8: დამატებითი პაკეტების დაყენება...
Description-kab.UTF-8: Asebded n yikemmusen-nniḍen...
Description-kk.UTF-8: Қосымша (extra) дестелерін орнату...
Description-km.UTF-8: កំពុង​ដំឡើង​កញ្ចប់​បន្ថែម...
Description-kn.UTF-8: ಹೆಚ್ಚುವರಿ ಮೆದುಸರಕುಗಳನ್ನು ಅನುಸ್ಥಾಪಿಸಲಾಗುತ್ತಿದೆ...
Description-ko.UTF-8: 추가 패키지를 설치하는 중입니다...
Description-ku.UTF-8: Paketên ekstra tên sazkirin...
Description-lo.UTF-8: ກຳລັງຕິດຕັ້ງແພກເກັດເສີມ...
Description-lt.UTF-8: Diegiami papildomi paketai...
Description-lv.UTF-8: Instalē papildu pakotnes...
Description-mk.UTF-8: Инсталирање на екстра пакетите...
Description-ml.UTF-8: അധിക പൊതികള്‍ ഇന്‍സ്റ്റോള്‍ ചെയ്തു കൊണ്ടിരിയ്ക്കുന്നു...
Description-mr.UTF-8: अतिरिक्त पॅकेजेस् अधिष्ठापित होत आहेत...
Description-nb.UTF-8: Installerer ekstrapakkene ...
Description-ne.UTF-8: अतिरिक्त प्याकेजहरू स्थापना गरिदैछ...
Description-nl.UTF-8: Extra pakketten worden geïnstalleerd...
Description-nn.UTF-8: Installerer ekstrapakkar ...
Description-no.UTF-8: Installerer ekstrapakkene ...
Description-oc.UTF-8: Installacion dels paquetes suplementaris...
Description-pa.UTF-8: ਐਕਸਟਰਾ ਪੈਕੇਜ ਇੰਸਟਾਲ ਕਰ ਰਹੇ ਹਨ...
Description-pl.UTF-8: Instalowanie pakietów dodatkowych...
Description-pt.UTF-8: A instalar pacotes extra...
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Instalando os pacotes extra...
Description-ro.UTF-8: Se instalează pachetele suplimentare...
Description-ru.UTF-8: Установка дополнительных (extra) пакетов...
Description-se.UTF-8: Sajáiduhttimin liigepáhkaid …
Description-si.UTF-8: අමතර ඇසුරුම් ස්ථාපනය කරමින්
Description-sk.UTF-8: Inštalujú sa extra balíky...
Description-sl.UTF-8: Nameščanje dodatnih paketov ...
Description-sq.UTF-8: Duke instaluar paketat ekstra...
Description-sr.UTF-8: Инсталирам додатне пакете...
Description-sv.UTF-8: Installerar extrapaket...
Description-ta.UTF-8: கூடுதல் தொகுப்புகளை நிறுவுகிறது..
Description-te.UTF-8: అదనపు పాకేజీలను  స్థాపన చేయుట...
Description-tg.UTF-8: Насбкунии бастаҳои иловагӣ...
Description-th.UTF-8: กำลังติดตั้งแพกเกจเสริม...
Description-tl.UTF-8: Nagluluklok ng mga pakete na extra...
Description-tr.UTF-8: Ekstra paketler kuruluyor...
Description-ug.UTF-8: قوشۇمچە بوغچىنى ئورنىتىۋاتىدۇ...
Description-uk.UTF-8: Встановлення додаткових пакунків...
Description-vi.UTF-8: Đang cài đặt các gói mở rộng…
Description-zh_CN.UTF-8: 正在安装额外的软件包...
Description-zh_TW.UTF-8: 正在安裝額外的套件…

Template: base-installer/section/install_extra_package
Type: text
Description: Installing extra packages - retrieving and installing ${SUBST0}...
Description-am.UTF-8: ተጨማሪ ጥቅሎችን በመትከል ላይ- ${SUBST0}ን በማምጣትና በመትከል ላይ…
Description-ar.UTF-8: تثبيت الحزم الإضافيّة - وجلب وتثبيت ${SUBST0}...
Description-ast.UTF-8: Instalando paquetes estra - recuperando ya instalando ${SUBST0}…
Description-be.UTF-8: Усталяванне дадатковых пакетаў - загрузка і ўсталяванне ${SUBST0}...
Description-bg.UTF-8: Инсталиране на допълнителни пакети - доставяне и инсталиране на ${SUBST0}...
Description-bn.UTF-8: অতিরিক্ত প্যাকেজ ইনস্টল করা হচ্ছে - ${SUBST0}-কে আনা হচ্ছে ও ইনস্টল করা হচ্ছে...
Description-bo.UTF-8: ཟུར་སྣོན་གྱི་ཐུམ་བུ་སྒྲིག་འཇུག་བྱེད་བཞིན་པ - ${SUBST0} སླར་འཇུག་པ་དང་སྒྲིག་འཇུག་བྱེད་བཞིན་པ་་་
Description-bs.UTF-8: Instaliram dodatne pakete - dobavljam i instaliram ${SUBST0}...
Description-ca.UTF-8: S'estan instal·lant els paquets extra - s'està obtenint i instal·lant ${SUBST0}...
Description-cs.UTF-8: Instaluji extra balíky - stahuji a instaluji ${SUBST0}...
Description-cy.UTF-8: Yn sefydlu pecynnau ychwanegol - yn cyrchu a sefydlu ${SUBST0}...
Description-da.UTF-8: Installerer ekstra-pakker - henter og installerer ${SUBST0} ...
Description-de.UTF-8: Installieren zusätzlicher Pakete - ${SUBST0} wird geladen und installiert ...
Description-dz.UTF-8: ཐུམ་སྒྲིལ་ཚུ་ཐེབས་གཞི་བཙུགས་འབད་དོ་ ${SUBST0}...གཞི་བཙུགས་དང་སླར་འདྲེན་འབད་དོ
Description-el.UTF-8: Εγκατάσταση επιπλέον πακέτων - ανάκτηση και εγκατάσταση του ${SUBST0}...
Description-eo.UTF-8: Instalado de kromaj pakoj - akcepto kaj instalo de '${SUBST0}'...
Description-es.UTF-8: Instalando los paquetes extra - descargando e instalando ${SUBST0}...
Description-et.UTF-8: Lisapakettide paigaldamine - ${SUBST0} hankimine ja paigaldamine...
Description-eu.UTF-8: Pakete gehigarriak instalatzen - ${SUBST0} eskuratzen eta instalatzen...
Description-fa.UTF-8: نصب کردن بسته‌های اضافی - دریافت و نصب ${SUBST0}...
Description-fi.UTF-8: Asennetaan lisäpaketteja - noudetaan ja asennetaan ${SUBST0}...
Description-fr.UTF-8: Installation de paquets supplémentaires : récupération et installation de ${SUBST0}...
Description-ga.UTF-8: Pacáistí breisithe á suiteáil - ${SUBST0} á fháil agus á shuiteáil...
Description-gl.UTF-8: Instalación dos paquetes extra: estase a obter e instalar ${SUBST0}...
Description-gu.UTF-8: વધારાનાં પેકેજો સ્થાપિત કરે છે - ${SUBST0} લાવે છે અને સ્થાપિત કરે છે...
Description-he.UTF-8: התקנת חבילות תוספת - קבלה והתקנה של ${SUBST0}…
Description-hi.UTF-8: अतिरिक्त पैकेजों का संस्थापन - ${SUBST0} का प्राप्तिकरण व संस्थापन...
Description-hr.UTF-8: Instalacija dodatnih paketa - preuzimam i instaliram ${SUBST0}...
Description-hu.UTF-8: Extra csomagok telepítése - ${SUBST0} lekérése és telepítése...
Description-id.UTF-8: Memasang paket-paket ekstra - mengambil dan memasang ${SUBST0}...
Description-is.UTF-8: Set upp viðbótarpakka - sæki og set upp ${SUBST0}...
Description-it.UTF-8: Installazione pacchetti aggiuntivi - ricezione e installazione di ${SUBST0}...
Description-ja.UTF-8: 特別パッケージをインストールしています - ${SUBST0} を取得・インストールしています...
Description-ka.UTF-8: დამატებითი პაკეტების დაყენება - ${SUBST0}-ის მიღება და დაყენება...
Description-kab.UTF-8: Asebded n yikemmusen-nniḍen - tiririt d usebded ${SUBST0}...
Description-kk.UTF-8: Қосымша (extra) дестелерін орнату - ${SUBST0} алу және орнату...
Description-km.UTF-8: កំពុង​ដំឡើង​កញ្ចប់​បន្ថែម​ - កំពុង​ទៅ​យក និង ដំឡើង​ ${SUBST0}...
Description-kn.UTF-8: ಹೆಚ್ಚುವರಿ ಮೆದುಸರಕುಗಳನ್ನು ಅನುಸ್ಥಾಪಿಸಲಾಗುತ್ತಿದೆ - ${SUBST0}ವನ್ನು ಹಿಂಪಡೆದು ಅನುಸ್ಥಾಪಿಸಲಾಗುತ್ತಿದೆ...
Description-ko.UTF-8: 추가 패키지를 설치합니다 - ${SUBST0}을(를) 다운로드하고 설치하는 중입니다...
Description-ku.UTF-8: Pakêtên ekstra tên sazkirin - ${SUBST0} tê anîn û sazkirin...
Description-lo.UTF-8: ກຳລັງຕິດຕັ້ງແພກເກັດເສີມ - ກຳລັງດຶງ ແລະ ຕິດຕັ້ງ ${SUBST0}...
Description-lt.UTF-8: Diegiami papildomi paketai – gaunamas ir diegiamas paketas „${SUBST0}“...
Description-lv.UTF-8: Instalē papildu pakotnes — iegūst un instalē ${SUBST0}...
Description-mk.UTF-8: Инсталирање на дополнителните пакети - преземање и инсталирање ${SUBST0}...
Description-ml.UTF-8: അധിക പൊതികള്‍ ഇന്‍സ്റ്റോള്‍ ചെയ്തു കൊണ്ടിരിയ്ക്കുന്നു - ${SUBST0} വീണ്ടെടുത്തു് ഇന്‍സ്റ്റോള്‍ ചെയ്തു കൊണ്ടിരിയ്ക്കുന്നു...
Description-mr.UTF-8: अतिरिक्त पॅकेजेस् अधिष्ठापित होत आहेत - ${SUBST0} मागवत व अधिष्ठापित करत आहे...
Description-nb.UTF-8: Installerer ekstra pakker - henter og installerer ${SUBST0} ...
Description-ne.UTF-8: अतिरिक्त प्याकेजहरू स्थापना गरिदै - ${SUBST0} पुन: प्राप्त गरेर स्थापना गरिदै...
Description-nl.UTF-8: Extra pakketten worden geïnstalleerd - ${SUBST0} wordt opgehaald en geïnstalleerd...
Description-nn.UTF-8: Installerer ekstrapakkar - tar imot og installerer ${SUBST0} ...
Description-no.UTF-8: Installerer ekstra pakker - henter og installerer ${SUBST0} ...
Description-oc.UTF-8: Installacion dels paquetatges suplementaris : recobrança e installacion de ${SUBST0}...
Description-pa.UTF-8: ਐਕਸਟਰਾ ਪੈਕੇਜ ਇੰਸਟਾਲ ਕਰ ਰਹੇ ਹਨ - ${SUBST0} ਨੂੰ ਲੈ ਕੇ ਇੰਸਟਾਲ ਕੀਤਾ ਜਾ ਰਿਹਾ ਹੈ...
Description-pl.UTF-8: Instalacja pakietów dodatkowych – pobieranie i instalacja ${SUBST0}...
Description-pt.UTF-8: A instalar os pacotes extra - a obter e a instalar ${SUBST0}...
Description-pt_BR.UTF-8: Instalando pacotes extra - obtendo e instalando ${SUBST0}...
Description-ro.UTF-8: Se instalează pachete suplimentare - se preia și se instalează ${SUBST0}...
Description-ru.UTF-8: Установка дополнительных (extra) пакетов - получение и установка ${SUBST0}...
Description-se.UTF-8: Sajáiduhttimin liigepáhkaid - dustemin ja sajáiduhttimin ${SUBST0} …
Description-si.UTF-8: අමතර ඇසුරුම් ස්ථාපනය කරමින් - ${SUBST0} ලබා ගනිමින් සහ ස්ථාපනය කරමින්...
Description-sk.UTF-8: Inštalácia extra balíkov - sťahuje a inštaluje sa ${SUBST0}...
Description-sl.UTF-8: Nameščanje dodatnih paketov - pridobivanje in nameščanje ${SUBST0} ...
Description-sq.UTF-8: Duke instaluar paketa shtesë - duke tërhequr dhe instaluar ${SUBST0}...
Description-sr.UTF-8: Инсталирам додатне пакете – преузимам и инсталирам ${SUBST0}...
Description-sv.UTF-8: Installerar extra paket - hämtar och installerar ${SUBST0}...
Description-ta.UTF-8: கூடிதல் தொகுப்புகள் நிறுவப்படுகிறது-மீட்டு நிறுவுகிறது ${SUBST0}....
Description-te.UTF-8: అదనపు పాకేజీలను  స్థాపన చేయుట     - ${SUBST0} తెచ్చుట మరియు స్థాపన చేయుట  ...
Description-tg.UTF-8: Насбкунии бастаҳои иловагӣ - бозёбӣ ва насбкунии ${SUBST0}...
Description-th.UTF-8: กำลังติดตั้งแพกเกจเสริม - กำลังดึงและติดตั้ง ${SUBST0}...
Description-tl.UTF-8: Nagluluklok ng mga pakete na ekstra - kinukuha at nagluluklok ng ${SUBST0}...
Description-tr.UTF-8: Ekstra paketler kuruluyor - ${SUBST0} alınıyor ve kuruluyor...
Description-ug.UTF-8: قوشۇمچە بوغچىنى ئورنىتىۋاتىدۇ - ${SUBST0} نى قوبۇللاپ ئورنىتىۋاتىدۇ…
Description-uk.UTF-8: Встановлення додаткових пакунків: отримання та встановлення ${SUBST0}...
Description-vi.UTF-8: Đang cài đặt các gói mở rộng - đang lấy và cài đặt ${SUBST0}…
Description-zh_CN.UTF-8: 正在安装额外的软件包 - 正在接收并安装 ${SUBST0}...
Description-zh_TW.UTF-8: 安裝額外的套件 - 正在接收並安裝 ${SUBST0}…

Template: base-installer/install-recommends
Type: boolean
Default: true
Description: for internal use; can be preseeded
 Will configure APT in the target system not to install recommened
 packages by default. For experienced users only.
